Possible future posts: Synthesis of the above quotes to create a unified perspective on the world... For those who are not fluent with the world wide philosophical forum / industry: "NWO" - term I heard a lot... I wanted to dig deeper into why internationalization of a topic takes so long... For those who are new to the forum: Wow that was really good! I am beyond happy to be here. I am happy for the growth and for the people that I've brought to the table. Also I think this is a valid concern for me to make sure I'm doing well in my next tests... for myself, for my network, for the community.

One of my goals for the year is to complete my exams by the end of the month. I will take a ~1.5 month break from studying for the year to study for my exams :)

I fully understand that Chinese speakers are more likely to take Chinese classes outside of the mainland.I fully understand that some people feel that they are not treated as highly in their home country given that your surname is not written in Chinese. Accordingly, I have the utmost respect for people and speak their language as if they were my own.Therefore, I understand that there are differences between me and other foreigners who feel the same way. I will strive to communicate my experiences and thoughts to Chinese-Americans who may not know me or may have heard my stories through our printed media.I fully understand that there are differences between my personal values and that of my international lifestyle. I understand that I am open-minded to learn about Chinese, but I know that I am not naturally social (no friends, no work) and thus do not want to live in cities. Furthermore, I realize that I am not particularly happy as I usually do, and I am open-minded to learn more about my surroundings.Therefore, I apologize for any hurtful feelings this may cause.****

A few words on language:

I grew up with Chinese-Americans as a child. They were always my first friends.I think my parents had a mentality that kids need to have Chinese parents to have the same opportunities as kids themselves. I think my parents were also open-minded to talk to me about the different races and lifestyles of my peers.I think my parents' values were always the most important to me. I think I always follow up and understand them when I see others doing the same things to Chinese people.I think I can communicate what I'm Chinese to my family, I can always reach out to meet new people as well.I think of Chinese people everywhere - from my high school to my college to the minute translation classes I went to China to high school reunion events. I think of the many times my parents gave me the best education and the best friends and so on I’ve gone to.I think of my parents as loving, generous people who did everything for me. I think of them as the best friends I have and strive to be like them.Therefore, I take great pride in my Chinese.

I want to sincerely thank my Chinese friends for their continuous kind messages. I want to express my gratitude to my Chinese-American boyfriend, my community in general, and my Chinese-American friends for their kind comments and kind words. I want to express my gratitude to my Chinese-American boyfriend, my community in general, and my Chinese-American friends for their kind actions and kind words.

I'm going to start college in a year where I'll be living in many different countries with different travel habits and the past tense here describing my day to day life. I'm excited to get into really good shape and to jump into things really well. I'm excited to learn and learn and to grow.

Thankful are in large part flows flows from my being Rachel and J. flow is already starting to happen and it's just a matter (hopefully) of growing and maintaining a flow schedule. My body feels good and my mind feels good - and I feel good and I stay happy and happy.

Made in America!

Kat

I'm going to go beyond the box office hit of Titanic and into the future and create a thing that brings me joy and perspective for all people. I'm going to give back to the world I have created, and perhaps even save it for the near future by going into business school.

I'm 18 years old and here I am now. I've learned:

Giving me $ makes me happy

Making me happy also shows that I am selfish and don't like to get good grades. I think this is a learned skill that I'm also building in my current country

Helps me become more self-aware and accountable. And shows that I'm also a person-oriented person who is focused and makes me feel.

Also, financial gain: this is a learning