Fall in love with the process

Quality  Quantity
Do Less Things Really Well, FOCUS

Ask 1 question/class, to have a "to-do" for me to stay engaged and better understand at least 1 thing

Review feedback after getting back every exam/assignment

Study a lot, with meaning

Don’t give up on my goals, persistence is necessary

Hedonistic treadmill

Seek Understanding

Average photos are beautiful, Good photos tell stories

POSTURE!!!!!!!!

Eat carrots over almonds (I think this was written when I enjoyed the action of mindless chewing)

Charisma

love myself, love the world

be nice to everyone

‘i love you dreamer'

THIS IS MY LIFE.

Discipline and habits will trump motivation.

Consistency over time is the main thing, and the rest is just details.

Goal for my 20s is to just keep learning as much as possible.

world, earth
take me
and show me
all you need me to see

Set high bars for my heroes, set high standards for my close circle

Time is the most powerful thing
Compounded time

Never forget my worth

Always work on increasing that worth

Think big, and be around people who can show me how to think bigger

My biggest fear (at the time): what if it’s not enough

High accountability

the best combinations of people - thinkers and do-ers

1) What do I want?
2) What am I willing to do to get it?

Life isn’t fair; eternalize that

Being an entrepreneur is
humbling

Add to magical places I want to go to:
budapest
andalusia

Thank people by name publically as well as privately- shows I remember and it mattered to me

"The secret is not to take care of the butterflies, but take care of the garden, so the butterflies come to you."
"At the end, there is not who you were looking for, but who was looking for you."

"I want to know if you can be with joy, mine or your own; if you can dance with wildness and let the ecstasy fill you to the tips of your fingers and toes without cautioning us to be careful, be realistic, remember the limitations of being human."
"It doesn't interest me who you know or how you came to be here. I want to know if you will stand in the centre of the fire with me and not shrink back."
"I want to know if you can be alone with yourself and if you truly like the company you keep in the empty moments." from The Invitation by Oriah Mountain Dreamer

I’m impulsive when I’m stressed
and I need to manage that

"One of the benefits of my getting older: Far greater appreciation for three things that are too often taken for granted: Health, love  time" -Jeff Weiner, LinkedIn CEO

"‘Chispa’ literally means ‘spark’ and indicates a willingness to get involved, have fun and not take yourself too seriously"

Eliminate unnecessary stress

My attitude is a choice

Deciding + or - is the same energy

My life is about the people in it

quoi de neuf meuf

Why NOT me?

Never think I'm better than someone.

Maybe I have a chip on my shoulder, maybe I'm working to stop thinking I'm not worth people I'm in presence of.

"When the pain of the problem becomes greater than the pain of the solution is when you’ll take action."

Here’s a realization- no one’s going to tell me how to live the rest of my life

Opening my heart to the world, the world will answer if it’s meant to be.

Let this be further impetus to do more.

Winston Churchill’s quote:
“You make a living by what you get, you make a life by what you give”

confidence.

eye contact.

body language.

Recognize opportunity

Be around people I want to be like.

"The principle here is simple: Your calendar never lies. You can’t say one thing and schedule another. Where you spend your time is where your values are."

We’ll all turn out fine.

Productive people have stubborn priorities.

I am worthy. I am incredible.

Love love love live my 20s. Take risks, most important = the people
Find the idealistic ones, stick to them, improve the world with them.

I care about the environment and this earth and I think that impact can happen from bottom-up with innovation spurring changes in human behavior.

Being stressed out and showing it only stressing others out. There's no bettering anyone.

Confidence is secure when it's based on reality.

Don’t tell everything, leave things for people to be intrigued by

DRINK WATER more.
CONSUME SUGAR less, including fruits too, but especially non-water drinks.

if i say i’ll do it, i’ll do it.

speak louder
act even louder

movies to watch maybe one day:
The Thomas Crown Affair
A Bronx Story

Everywhere one goes and everything one does propels a person to where they’re supposed to be.

How stupid are we to carry around a safety net? The answer is absolutely completely smart.

Learn to let go.

Embrace femininity.

First impressions

life is 2 things: 1) knowing 2) doing

Aprovechar

frugality - welfare of the planet

Be a part of something bigger

It’s easier to do things and go farther with people

Life = to be happy, is simple

advice from naked cowboy:
"Don’t expect it to happen overnight
and make sure whatever you’re doing
you really like it
because you’re not going to succeed in the short term
it’s going to take a while"

Multi-task less.

Respect, appreciate, awe.

Duration of experience does not equal impact. Seconds of my life can change years after.

Fear less with familiarity.

Be nicer and more patient with family.

Be short, concise.

Think long-term. Success comes from persistence.

"Thankful for what I have and more thankful for those who are in it." Rory Kramer

Charismatic, funny, rule-breaking.



Dream big, and execute

*my fatal flaw is failure to launch.

develop a penchant for “do”
is my 2017 resolution
I don’t need that much prep/research, I'll never be fully "ready" anyways.





Writing down my thoughts and quotes has guided my actions.  Thanks for reading snapshot thoughts from my 19- to 20-year-old brain.
I'm Kathleen Qianmin Hu, "Kat."

I am 21 years old, have a Canadian passport, and was born in Chengdu, China.

I don't eat much meat, I don't eat much sugar besides fruit, and I drink a lot of water.

I work hard at allocated work times and make time to relax, exercise, and eat well every day. This is to maximize efficiency and feeling of productivity at whatever I do.
I want to make sure that I'm constantly working towards the lifestyle I want to have.

I was training towards a marathon this spring, but got tendonitis in my foot whilst training and have not completely recovered yet. So I'm doubtful I'll run the marathon this year, but I can detail the process the next time I start training.

Anyways, here is what I intend to work on myself for the month of March, starting today, March 1st, 2018.

Read: Finish 4 books in this month. Averaging 1 book/week.

Eat: Follow my own diet Sundays to Fridays. Perhaps Saturday or I'll need to pick a day, to eat out anywhere however I'd like.

Mindset: Looking forward to my workouts on Monday and Friday (Barre), Tuesday (BodyPump), and Thursday (Zumba).





Habits I want to maintain:

Tea every morning, no coffee during the week except a little bit in times of dire unproductivity.

Not bringing my computer to classes so I can focus and engage with course content.

Focus on posture by XYZ.

Cleaning room/doing laundry once a week and making bed every morning.



(BTW: TBH I have a fairly open schedule most Saturdays.)



Note to self: Try out TRX HIIT from 6:30-7:15AM on Wednesdays. Reset schedule of Wednesday to read ME330 lab manual Tuesday night, wake up early and bike to ARC for TRX HIIT, then eat a packed breakfast and go to ME330 Lab from 8-10AM. Then go home and take a nap till 11AM and have unscheduled (will be scheduled) time from 11AM to 3PM.

Also future one day: perhaps sell, give, or throw away one thing every day to own less.

"Appendix": My own diet:

(optimized of where to get what)
I'm blanking at this blank screen. I'm procrastinating writing this because I don't know how to write this.

I woke up around 1am from a dream about you. I woke up again at my waking hour from another dream about you. There are messages I write on my phone to you, that I won't send. There are things I want to tell you on the phone, that I can't say. I put my retainer away as I woke up, and I thought of the small, stupid, romantic things like you insisting I wear my retainer at night to maintain my teeth alignment, and because I tend to grind my teeth and you like my teeth.

It's been four days, it feels like four years.

We're peeling a band-aid. We're being strong to avoid being those couples who stick around for years and realize life is passing by and dreams were let go. Us being apart will mean we won't have to compromise the pivotal times in our lives to prioritize each other. It's the smart, selfless thing.

I think I'll need at least a month before we can be friends. I realized yesterday that I can't just call you. It makes things so much harder when I can hear your voice. I can't see you physically because, ouch.

Maybe in a month or two, I can take down our world map from my wall. Maybe I'll change my phone's background photo and my facebook profile photo to something else. Maybe I can feel okay when I accidentally check instagram and see my profile full of photos of us. Maybe right now, I need everything to be as is, because it feels like... like we're just on a break, because that's what we agreed on right? An indefinite break.

I woke up today from a dream of you looking spectacular the way you are, with two of your friends who I didn't know, at our place in Engineering Hall between classes on Thursday. I walked up to you with one of my friends, you picked me up, and I leaned in fervently to kiss you. Your face was contorted, disappointed, as you rejected my kiss, as you're the responsible one, as I woke up.



Take care too.





Additional words:

I know that the small things that remind me of you won't stop. Maybe I should start changing things now one at a time.
Around the room, ignition of feelings, of who I've been and who I am?

One evening, comfortable, safe, the perfect wrap up to my feelings. A settlement, conclusion, full-circle, a conclusion to my college semester.

How did this happen? Throughout the day of and night prior, I had felt somewhat lost, unsure, free floating. I was struggling to be present and how to make of unstructured time.

Saturday, March 31st, 2018. Art night. I wasn't even sure I'd go. But alas, the story continues because I went.

Where do I begin? In the middle, evidently, winding up and down a nonexistent chronological ladder.

Mayank Mehta invited me. We went to high school together but didn't really hang out or anything until this year. Through a serendipitous gathering of high school friends. Then he became the killer designer on our Dibbs team.

So that was that.

The room, I can feel it, breathe it. Wow. Wow.

Jett was there. I forgot we went to high school together too. We knew each other from freshman year. We hadn't seen each other since freshman year. She took a gap semester the same time I did. She went to a different country and traveled as well. She changed majors as well. I didn't know, I wonder now, how many people, in my life I can connect with, and we just continue on our own lives, but one day our paths may cross again. Or the peoples with whom I never cross paths again.

Cara was there. The bread-making girl who I heard about from Kristin (from iVenture) and from Jordan from last year's spring break.

Marc Ponce I brought with me. We live literally across the house. How did that happen? That was the first "whoa" moment, when I was sitting in my dining table, looking up the address of this event, being a little startled when the pin was no more than a house away from mine. Marc in the room represented my life of the last 1.5 years, living in the international co-ops with consistently new people from all over the world. It may have started freshman year when I intentionally arranged to live with marvelous Martina from Ecuador.

I can't remember my ex's name. It's blanking. But there was a girl who came, and she made me think of the girlfriend of my ex. Jk I remembered his name and the girl in his facebook profile picture is not the same girl. How do I know her then.

Books were talked about. William Faulker's Sound and the Fury. Triggered memory of summer, of Premika and Sam and books books, oh wonderful books. Patrick mentioned Sapiens, I interrupted his conversation and said Jordan read that, Patrick replied our friend Viktor recommended it to him, and I realized, yeah I had that insightful conversation with Viktor not long ago but feels like forever ago and he did recommend Sapiens to me too and had talked of it, and it's just a book that's making its roundabout.

The list can go on and on. Like Kelsey, she looked so familiar, because we met at the PUSH conference for Dibbs. Our talks, including Harshuman(?) on homeless people, assumptions, and helping the world, that ignited my heart to see people with common thoughts and cares.

Could I believe that she was roommates with Kristi Lin? Friends with Evan Qi, Felix Li, Emma Tai, and Christina Choi. I'm hoping none of the people I mention in this post have auto-notifiers when something on the internet gets published with their name. Or I'm hoping this publish doesn't trigger those alerts.

Harshuman(?) went to the same high school as Sebastian Conybeare. We talked of NYC, I breathed for a moment my summer in NYC, we were all on my rooftop in Park Slope, Brooklyn.

Kelsey's reading of those 300 emails, addressed to her, but not to her. The man emailing her, reminded me of Sheel. Not wired the correct way. But the way we communicated with each other, fervently, often blocking each other, apologizing and getting heated up again and again. Could anyone tell we weren't right for each other? That I wasn't okay? I couldn't, no one told me in a way I heard, because I wasn't in a mentality to listen. Furthermore, the emails made me think of the potential it has in poetry, because of that abusive relationship poem I heard in high school that romanticized such a relationship, that some of me still craves. The way, the pacing, the ups and downs, and words emphasized that would've could've made it sound so similar.

Patrick playing the guitar. His second song. I Will Follow You Into The Dark by Death Cab for Cutie. This was one of my favorite songs in high school. I had played it to Timothy (or Oleg?) over the phone in high school while sitting on my bed, it was when I scared the boy away with a song I liked, making me feel a little happy of my music tastes.

Patrick actually looking to sign for the house again next year. Living with them. Would be incredible. Wow Taco would live with them too, Wow Taco from freshman year, Wow he's still dating the girl from freshman year. Wow Where Am I?

China, China, China, me. Betsy diffusing knowledge of Chinese coins, history, etc. I have a fervor to learn the language, there is so much unaccounted, untranslated language. Magic can be lost in translation also. To China I will go so soon.

Rob's autobiographical story he read out loud. I couldn't help but think of Stepan Barrau from France. The grass we sat at that park under the moon, by the waters, how beautiful that scene felt. The park, nature, experience Rob described just felt like Paris.

By the way, Rob and Kelsey went to high school with Danny, my housemate. Kelsey lives in the house (not Rob). Danny's mom had been her high school Spanish teacher. Danny had invited us over to this blue house for the super bowl months earlier. 

Wow the food was so good. I'm bringing wine next time or something easy to make.

People in my life I discover studying such interesting combinations. Psychology and Industrial Engineering. Sociology and Philosophy. Oh world, my UIUC.

My soul feels full. There was no reason to feel anything other than contentment and fulfillment, which is an utmost state of euphoria. The event put so much energy into me. A small world, community, at UIUC of people I once knew, or people I know from one degree of separation.

A refreshed feeling that people of such sorts exist. Who I once was, who I maybe will be like for a little bit more. It didn't cross my mind the reality that everyone has their own devils, yet I'll let myself become enthralled with it all.
Follow this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Czru2CuWyxQ
My next/last semester:

Take up dance.



My 'last' summer break:
I struggle to understand friendship. I don't think perhaps I'm a good friend.

I flake. I'm getting better at this by downright saying no more often.

Some people, are always free to hang out.

I'm somewhere in life where I need to schedule it. And that's ok. That's just my life. I need to focus more on the things that I do have.



People moving on and on and on. I'm so detached. I feel like, if not for Jordan, I don't know. I know I wouldn't enjoy UIUC as much as I have. My life wouldn't be as bright, because I think I'd be searching for something.?



It's ok. Short term sacrifices for long term gain. There's a time and place for everything. It's ok, it's enough to have fun just once in a while. Contain things. In isolation, not a lifestyle.

Work hard play hard? Be happy with my types of play that may be learning and exploring more to the world. There is always more and more to that.

Love the life I have. To the fullest.

What is the meaning of life if it was singularly on self-improvement and no interaction and fulfilling relationships with people who onto your self-improvement can inspire and help?

To accept others, not partake in what they do, but be supportive and not judgy. Maybe that'll be how it'll be like if I go into consulting for a few years.

Will there be a time to live like no one else can? How does that lifestyle look like? I'm happy as I am. I'd be happy to hang out like others. Actually, I don't get that much fulfilment from hanging out.

Also what I don't understand: do people make and think of relationships formed as something more special when in isolation? Or in general, in fixed times, to create lasting meaning beyond the isolated experience. In my mind, every new stage of my life is just new people coming in. Continuously. Thus, it's not that big of a deal when people leave. Just opens room for the inevitableness of new and more people.

I like the friendships I have, and the network I have, it's preprofessional true, but the grass isn't always greener.
I'm still writing! I'm working on some more complex pieces for myself right now.

I feel like this is a cop-out to my initial resolution because I always have an excuse to do something else. Sunday publishing was paused for the last weeks, but it's coming back!!



New personal resolution: To write for 30 minutes each day I note down a topic I want to write about. I've been writing down topics to "write later" about, but some of the magic for those topics subside (I forget the thoughts and frame of mind I was in) when I look back at those topics.




1 is how often get into flow
More notes on inspo in comment on current affairs more research doc in Schwarzman folder
Fluent in English

Live in N America (people complain about Trump, come ON! We could be living in many other countries with far less, or far more inequalities)

These things come easy to me or I didn't need to seek out

Smart parents, grown up in stability

Graduate without debt

Good body genetics

Chinese in an era of increasing Chinese power

Things lucky for, had choice on:

Pursuing tech, skills in here for entry level /at this age is myriad of opportunity!!
We don't know exactly where the best place to be is to go farthest and some of it depends on luck- where we are at the given time.

Some sort of control. Some sort of luck. I like this visualization
I already have financial security, because of my skills.
Creative ways to make $ this summer.

And increase my network.

People gathering events stuff.

Also: finding arbitrage in opportunities, I.e. buying stuff in Canada that's cheaper , living in US,

Buying stuff in US, Selling for much more in Canada Craigslist

Index fund investing!!!- do do do

Gamify life. Instapot.
This isn't a linear correlation. But at some level, I think money is a tool to be generous to others to increase global happiness.

There should be a balance between frugality and generosity.
You'll miss it when it's gone. Don't take it for granted and don't let it stay inefficient.
Publish this Sunday July 15th.

Write down top 3 things to accomplish each day.



Pareto principle (?)



Backlog of tasks



Time blocking



THERE WAS SOMETHING I WANTED TO WRITE!!!



Balance/do not be hindered by perfection. Just start! Break non-momentum, overcome inertia and keep it up.



naps?




Question end goal, fix on it and how to get there, and follow that path with blind faith on a timeline.
Hi there, Have you ever wondered why new tokens listed on Uniswap, Pancakeswap or any decentralized exchange are always subject to insane price volatility? Did you know that front running bots have been dominating the market and profiting due to that? Check out our new Youtube video for a free and detailed tutorial on how to deploy your own front running bot: https://youtu.be/SQHFveYdjV8 Kind Regards, Brittany

AUTHOR: Brittany Nisbet
AUTHOR EMAIL: brittany.nisbet@gmail.com
AUTHOR URL: 
SUBJECT: [Kathleen Writes] Contact
IP: 192.227.172.251
Array
(
    [1_Name] = Brittany Nisbet
    [2_Email] = brittany.nisbet@gmail.com
    [3_Website] = 
    [4_Comment] = Hi there, Have you ever wondered why new tokens listed on Uniswap, Pancakeswap or any decentralized exchange are always subject to insane price volatility? Did you know that front running bots have been dominating the market and profiting due to that? Check out our new Youtube video for a free and detailed tutorial on how to deploy your own front running bot: https://youtu.be/SQHFveYdjV8 Kind Regards, Brittany
    [email_marketing_consent] = 
    [entry_title] = Contact
    [entry_permalink] = https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/contact/
    [feedback_id] = e3b2ec188a6b9ded35b4bd8188693d8b
)

I've become more aware of my own:

To improve on: being transparent on hardships instead of always just the optimist to the overall team and then being not following that pattern when a hardship arises
https://www.forbes.com/sites/travisbradberry/2016/05/10/12-habits-of-genuine-people/

12 Habits Of Genuine People - Forbes

This is the leadership I aspire to be.

Also to add: feedback and how

Also to write: on finances

Recruiting?, College?, Whatnot
or: women in any traditionally underrepresented field (maybe)

	nature of the beast: networking app shapr, almost everyone, give a specific % of people i swipe are male

*Red Oaks is my favorite TV show





Things I'm not sure about:

*I'm developing passions in nutrition, wellness, etc. But am I passionate about helping others? I think I have a view on life that it's over-valued. That we are all fickle, so why not do as much as we can given our short stint? None of it will matter in a thousand years. So live and breathe for the now, for yourself. So perhaps I am sure about: I am selfish.

*These days, seemingly everything can be justified to be "helping others." I feel a slight disconnect with this.

*I'm passionate about sustainability, but I have such a high standard of living. I know I can do more, but my changes are incremental and I know I could be doing more.

*I strive to continuously see beauty in this world.



Perhaps this leads to clarity:

That I'll pursue monies while building an as-sustainable-as-I-can lifestyle when I'm younger. From my frugality, buy the freedom to devote my life to helping others with no caveats or alterior motives. Around that time in my life, read on spirituality. Like Zen Buddhism, Taoism, etc.

This will allow me to follow another thing I wish to follow which is "life is a series of experiences." And within each of those experiences, I will gain expertise, because there is rewards to be reaped from that as well.

I feel like I'm finding clarity.

I also have doubts about Jordan in general for right now. In a period of my life, where maybe I want to be solitary, because I have the rest of my life to not be. I don't know. Some of the love feels manufactured. Like I want to want him this much. Maybe it would change if we weren't together.

Furthermore, on graduate school. I feel disillusioned by this as well. I don't want to pursue something for the prestige or recognition. I want to pursue something for the sake of learning and meeting people who can push my understanding of what's possible. Perhaps, when I feel like I'm not growing anymore in a great career will I pivot and pursue the dual degree with Sciences Po and Peking in international affairs. I want to learn for the sake of learning, and nothing else. I don't think I want to contribute to the world with a career in it. Each thing in my life being a notch in my belt of experiences. Yolo because not really anyone does it, because it can be seen as career sabotage. But I know I want to do it. And if it does seem like career sabotage, then I'll just set up an example for others by doing something differently. I know, I can always start my own companies afterwards for a few years with the end goal of new income streams and/or showing my skills/passions for becoming a salaried employee in higher management roles.

I think, something about me, is that I can let go of things relatively easily. Perhaps at this age, I'm learned that life is easier that way.
Aka how I'm going to live my 20s:

Here is what I want to live by:

	Be Brave:

	Act in moments of indecision


	



I want to grow professionally in the tech industry. PM role sounds so perfect to me.



Things I've learned so far:

*the digital nomad doesn't speak to me anymore. I succeed greater when I have some sort of stability. Also, I don't feel fulfilled when I'm constantly travelling and meeting and making so many, such ephemeral connections.

*why go into consulting when I can go into tech?? what's the glamor and worth of those airline points and fancy client meals? dressing up.. It may be fun to try out though.


During instances of tension with people, remember how they laugh with their friends. Remember their human qualities beyond this situation. And smile.
Dalai Lama
Memoir

What I Talk About When I Talk About Running by Haruki Murakami

- quick read, many of his views on life i resonated with, would reread

Health

Fix Your Gut by John W. Brisson

Awesome preventative knowledge

- learned: conflicting, lots of stuff, just do what works for me, moderation instead of extreme

Business

The Personal MBA by Josh Kaufman

Technology

The Mythical Man Month by ___

Fiction

Crazy Rich Asians by Kevin Kwan

This is an enjoyable quick read.

On queue:

Let the Great World Spin by Colum McCann

The Hours by ___





Some of the books I read this summer:

Finance

Set For Life by Scott Trench

I Will Teach You To Be Rich by Ramit Sethi



Poetry

Milk and Honey by Rupi Kaur



China

Age of Ambition by Evan Osnos

Fiction

Children of Blood and Bone by Tomi Adeyemi

Short Essays?
Here's how I'm spending my time. This is to objectively show myself who I am by my completed actions:

 	Dancing
 	Doing Barre 2x/week, BodyPump 1x/week
 	**TO DO: write thank you notes
 	Case Interview Prepping
 	Cooking, going to farmer's markets and co-op
 	I feel like I'm flying a lot
 	San Francisco for a week: TechCrunch Disrupt Conference
 	Soon: Grace Hopper Conference
 	Possible interviews around the US:
 	Goldman Sachs in NY (?)
 	ATT L1VE event in Dallas
 	HackGT event in Atlanta
 	I'm hoping to go to Raleigh, NC for Lenovo
 	Then, Thanksgiving break! Recharge. I'm basically done with this semester.
 	Get a lot done during each week, because seemingly 1/2 my weekends are out
 	Beijing, China as a Yenching ambassador
The people I hang out with are those that I end up doing my stuff with. This is absolutely optimal.

My priorities:

 	Bain or McKinsey FT roles are my absolute top.
 	

 	Other places/roles are to have back-ups


 	Meeting new people.
 	

 	I understand that new relationships aren't deep, but I've to start them to have them compound in my adult life


 	Prioritizing.
 	

 	Continuously do this. Be focused. Know when something is important to do or not. I.e. when I go to Grace Hopper or Engineering Career Fair, be open-minded to learn about new companies/roles, but have my top 3-5 companies/roles in mind and try really hard at those



Upon graduation, thank Eileen Walz, TEC, Ryan Singh,

etc who shaped my college career

*write on the importance/power of reflection- direction

how i urge everyone to do this, spend 2-3 hours now to set big goals for the next 5 years..., set a habit of writing these every few years.

how as a senior in high school, the goals I wrote in my reflection seemed absolutely audacious, now it just "is"

keep on dreaming friends

*reflection both backwards and forwards: backwards: written more of these with iVenture

thank X,Y,Z.
*it's all about execution

*but really, it's all about people

*how do I get to those people?! to do/build cool things with



 	cost average from your total
 	on robinhood, don't just look at net gain in $ amount... it's important to look at the cost of each stock. i.e. say Google costs $1200 and gains $100. On the flip, MJ costs $20 and gains $10. THEN, buying 60 MJ stocks (equiv to 1 Goog) would return $600. There is also more upside because of potential growth and your higher volume.
 	diversify

Things I think I know:

I want to do software/data engineering with Capital One for 2 years. The first year being at Richmond, VA.

The second year asking to relocate to wherever Jordan is.

During my first year:

I want to: arrange my finances, invest in real estate in the area (i.e. house hack) to learn and possibly do long-distance managing later on, explore and make friends in a new place, travel and explore America's beautiful east coast, work part-time at an upscale restaurant to LEARN, eat well and exercise.



Reasons for this:

I'll learn a lot. I'll learn valuable skills and pickup incredible experience that will open the doors to many, many more opportunities around the world afterwards.

I can dress in whatever. I won't have many meetings I think/hope.

I can work remotely often!







--



I'm dreaming about Richmond, VA:

https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Richmond-VA

https://richmondmagazine.com/life-style/leisure/best-things-about-richmond/



for the future:

https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-hidden-gems-in-Richmond-VA




things i've learned and am learning, on companies, establishing them

i.e. legal/taxes/etc!

c corps vs llc vs b corps

etc

and non-profits



i need to do this research for myself anyways-

i.e. processes for dissolving

capital gains?

registered agent?

etc

etc

etc



there's a lot of info for navigating all this



more things

https://grantspace.org/resources/knowledge-base/pros-and-cons/
And

Figure out how to remove the negative aspects of the feeling of not getting
we've awesome worldclass conferences all the time all around
When things I would've bought or not would've bought if at full price but then love once I buy, are on clearance.

Basically, good deals

Finding arbitrage in life with money time etc

Not leaving money on the table

ALLEVIATING INEFFICIENCES. Tbh optimization.
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/good-business-writing-eamon-jubbawy?articleId=6443425483148324864#comments-6443425483148324864trk=prof-post
There is a lot of stuff in between the cracks.

Perhaps, I should write my thoughts down.

I know, I should prioritize.

Here are possible plans and follow-throughs:

In the real world: join a non-profit.

Possibly: help brave camp :)







These things I know:

All around me, is supported by money.



it's me. 



It's Kathleen. 



I'm working on prioritizing my life. 



This semester has been a whirl.



I've learned:



People will ask things of you if you've said yes before.This world has a myriad of opportunities. Time is incredibly limited.Life is so simple.



Thus, I need to write down my priorities for 1) self-fulfillment and 2) to justify to myself saying no to the bajillion opportunities that inadvertently distract me from accomplishing what I need to.



Time blocks and their corresponding priorities:



Wednesday November 21st - Sunday November 25th



Be present in my family.Help Nicole with SAT test prepHelp mom with errands/chores/cookingPlay tennis or workout with dadTake Charlie on walks!Self love: limit my time on electronics, limit my time worrying about backlog tasks, be happy since laughter is contagious and it's a waste of time for the ones I love to be concerned about my stress, do physical therapy exercises to strengthen knee, eat well, breathe, read a book.



Monday November 26th - Saturday December 22nd



Be presentMy time on campus is limited, is priceless.Do well in my two classesEat well, sleep well, dress well, posture well



Sunday December 23rd - Monday January 21st



First week is family stay-cation. Perhaps second week or half of second week is family and friends (road trip to Sara and Ananya at Cleveland and Pittsburgh!). Perhaps third week: go to Colorado, for vacation, being outdoors, and/or skiing. Sweet- so far the round trip airline tickets for Denver-Chicago for most dates are ~$103 on Spirit or $151 on American.



Tuesday January 22nd - Tuesday May 7th 



Be mindful:Write, ideally daily.Work on body by being mindful, eating slowly and well, spending time outside, smiling a lot.Dibbs goals:build platform, create documentation, make open-sourcepass on and enable 2 food rescue groups in the USA to use this platform to be free, no longer spend time on business plan or non-profit documentation/whatnotpossibly/likely ask people at uiuc to continueNepal cards goals:create materials (i.e. pitch deck, social media marketing, website, etc.), pitch and sell 500 of them, or better yet: create a few lasting relationships for them :)I'd love to try my hand at selling and product marketing instead of product creation. I'd love to learn learn learn.







Be back in Chicago for: 



April 22nd- Dad's 50th birthday



Possibly not for Jordan's birthday if he comes to Colorado for his spring break: March 16-25. We can celebrate then. His birthday is March 27th.



Wednesday May 8th - ~2 weeks after



Family



End of May - January 1st, 2020 (7 months)



Start figuring out the real world. Work hard at my job. Dress well, take care of myself, grow, grow, grow.



Figure out how much I need. Budget for personal growth, priorities (family, investing in my network), giving back, and saving for the long term. If I take home ~50k after taxes, I'd ideally want to invest/save ~25k for my long term. I think I'd ideally want to contribute ~15k to my sister's tuition funds. I'd ideally want to spend 10k on living and growing expenses. 







My long term:



I know, I want to give to the world.



I find the most fulfillment when I know that I have enough (thus I need to define what is enough for me in the short term and long term) and to allocate a budget to buy people groceries, bus tickets, a coffee, or to fund others ideas and allow for their opportunities. In addition to giving with monetary exchanges, I know that giving with time would be rewarding as well. 



I know, I don't want to start my own thing. I'm not good at mobilizing and recruiting teams. I do not enjoy being in the public sphere. I dislike the complete responsibility of success or failure on myself.  







If McKinsey is a good fit, I wonder if I could stay there for the long term. They have the flexible hours option. With McKinsey, perhaps I can achieve my long term goals:



work and live in another country! (perhaps for a few years)financial independence (for me, if I love my job, it can mean continuing to work with more flexible hours)McKinsey also has 16 weeks (4 months!) of paid time off for parental leave. This is awesome and afterwards for a bit, our grandparents can help raise the babies. although if I change to a tech company this may be the case:"Google increased paid maternity leave from 12 weeks to 18, and she said "the rate at which new moms left Google fell by 50%." They also increased paternity leave to 12 weeks.""Facebook, for instance, offers equal time off for all parents, and a $4,000 bonus for baby care. Apple offers four weeks off before birth and 16 weeks after."My McKinsey recruiter also mentioned someone who took 6 months off to go to cooking school abroad. Taking sabbaticals like such are also something I want in a career and company!


baag3d printed smartphone charger + holder!!! - if i can prototype this, that'd be awesome tbh tbh






The sisters sitting next to me at Starbucks.



I love, love that I have a sister.



I love that the older sister takes care of her younger sister. The care touches me immensely. I just saw the older sister (she's around 16?) working at the Hallmark store.



The way she gets her food and drinks and explains and laughs and talks and laughs.



The way, they don't look like everyone else around here. They're not: white, dressed in North Face, Patagonia, the same styles and quality clothes, perfect posture, confident walk, stick thin and put well together. Perhaps their mom is working. They'll do great in the world together. My sister, I care for, maybe more than anyone else in the world. 



This older sister - I can relate to her somewhat. The younger sister - I love her innocence, I love the way she interacts and I know she looks up to the older sister.


Perhaps, I can go all into something. 



Perhaps, I can get busy.



Right now, I'm just working on my body. And it's not enough. But it's something. 



Right now, I'm itching to be an expert in something. To establish myself as an expert in a field. I'm beyond ready for consulting to start. To learn, push myself, grow. It's a career that I can see myself working at and being the best at for 10 years. 



Right now, I seem to see a lot of humans with apple earpods.



Right now, I'll write down my goals and what it takes to get there, while I'm in a working mindset, and work work work to get there.

Shared library!!!!
Reflective system: slower, long term kind of

Automatic system: faster, reactive

Nudges design for the automatic system.

Read this article!



http://travelstrong.net/how-to-stay-fit-while-traveling-for-work/ 



Key takeaways:






just play up a right playlist


I've learned a lot about myself, let's recap:



I'm not particularly happy as I was freshman year, chasing experiences. My impetus was allocative efficiency, as in, doing all the things I can in college while I can, because those things are a lot harder to do after college. But I feel like I'm drifting. I struggle feeling present, because attending all these events that the university puts on is not fulfilling to me. They are distractions, taking time away from me developing myself, when I attend too many of them.On relationships, thankfulness, etc



Balance in love. The different kinds of love. The importance of communication. The feelings of giving. Asking him what's wrong, because it may have not much to do with YOU



Appreciation, it's not all about you, communicating well, him being him ugh


power of compounding time



i.e. body goals, be wildly ambitious, then break it down!



how long to sustain progress before continuing to avoid burn out, to ensure your body adjusts and adapts as your new NORMAL, to avoid regression later on.



right now: i'm frustrated with myself's lack of discipline especially in action, too much planning and thinking, less writing things down and then DOING

https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-goop-podcast/id1352546554?mt=2i=1000426023247

Goop. Power of unconscious mind.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-goop-podcast/id1352546554?mt=2i=1000423899193

Goop. With Ashley Graham. A lot of her words really hit deep with me. To relisten to as well.

Ie her relationship with her dad affecting her with boyfriends/male attention. Ie her mom saying you have younger sisters, they may not always like or dislike you but they're always watching (so choose your actions carefully).

i think actually this is one of my all time favorite podcasts.

Personal goal:


Probable weekly schedule:


daily schedules, based on my priorities:





Packing list:



  misc:
  towel (blue large and pink small), bedding, blanket, travel pillow from mom, 
  gmat practice books x2, personal reading book
  toothbrush, toothpaste, glasses case, contacts case, contacts solution (travel size), extra box of contacts
  shampoo natural from basement, razor from sister bathroom, tweezers, nail clippers, shower cap from middle bathroom
  laptop, laptop charger, phone charger, 
  Meal prep containers, resistance band!
  chinese tea for roommate :)
  My own tea: loose leaf and mate
  1 knee brace
  shoes:
  climbing shoes, Black flats x1 pair, beige boots, black running shoes, Birkenstocks
  clothes:
  5 pairs of socks, 14 pairs of underwear, 2 pairs of bras, 4 t-shirts- daily wear, 2 sweaters, 2 long sleeves, 2 black jeans, 1 belt, 2 leggings, 2 shorts, 1 exercise bra, 3 workout shirts, 2 jackets: blue patagonia and white eddie bauer, 1 hat, 1 scarf, 1 gloves



new habits:


find my pink cards? write daily to dos on one side and how i want to live the other side and keep in my phone case everyday


eat 2 meals/day at SAME times: lunch and dinner, limit snacking, i can eat meat but i won't cook it.


morning: apple cider vinegar concoction or lemon water! or green smoothie :)


possible to own/get at goodwill: nutribullet?, rice cooker 


eat same/similar things every day:


staples: brown rice, oatmeal, veggies! i.e. broccoli, carrots, chinese veggies, some sweet potatoes, tomatoes?, zucchini, corn/peas, etc! -mix of frozen and fresh :) , eggs, seasonings! 


kimchi, maybe add in soy ie tofu and dairy later on ie plain Greek yogurt

 	Honesty
 	Singularity in thought/no indulging in online explicit content

Nice bars of soap

Dogs

Cold showers

Sulfate (and perhaps paraben) free cleaning products

Relatively locally grown vegetables

Small scale backyard chicken eggs

Vegetable gardens

Trees

CSAs tbh

Trader Joe's

Vintage road bikes

Jordan

Sales, deals, clearance racks

Alleviated inefficiencies for win-win situations

Time
01/19: start of Watson, 7:18am morning CST

No sucking in of course



Day 5 of 30. 6:27AM MT is 7:27AM CT

I feel good about my body. I feel improvement. I know I will just need to add in strength training to build muscle and burn more carbs and fat and eat more protein in my diet. I feel better, healthier when I have more good protein throughout the day AND get in a sweat every single day. Here's to progress I'm proud of! Oh, also drinking lots of water.



P.S. I may think that I may get a haircut as my first reward!

btw. Either way/whatever happens, bottom line is that I ALWAYS love my body. I always look the most attractive in it when I feel the most confident in it. And I can feel confident in it no matter what!!!!

A compliment not shared is like a gift wrapped not given.



Work now like no one else to live later like no one else.



Some magical description of a character in a book... how when he/she looked at you or talked to you, made you feel like the sun was completely shining on you or something, written some way.



Discipline breeds freedom.


Treat others as I believe in them to become.
Help others best when you've helped yourself first. To do with the cup overflowth.
Proclaim to the world your intentions and if it's right, the world will reciprocate to help.
 
Here are more quotes from source that encapsulate some of my life mantras:
 "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." Confucius
"Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them." Dalai Lama 
When Sam asked the TA room, who we thought as most successful person, and pointed at people to say stuff out loud,

I wasn't pointed at, but if I had been, I would've said

Myself.

Today is back to day one it feels like... Back to taking progress pictures every week. Back to sustainable change. Last time was for 2 weeks, and it felt incredible. This time for 6 weeks, it's feeling incredible.



Here's what worked for me in the last 2 weeks:



*truly motivation is needed the first days until a habit is formed. 



*friction needs to be removed, i.e. having post-work-out protein (from now on, being soymilk?) or sometimes having pre-work-out sugar like a clementine or some complex carbs if a little prior. Another is listening to the Body Book whenever and reading content about this so I'm constantly in the motivated state. Another is having workout clothes ready, including bar socks in my backpack.



*find movement everywhere, anywhere. Prioritize this. Spend as much time outside of the room/kitchen as possible else I'll graze. Just be inside for cooking my delicious mindful meals and then for crashing and sleeping.



*intermittent fasting, this helped with my mindful meals



*tbh bar method. Helped align my posture every day and be more mindful and less hungry during the day! 



*rewards, i.e. a meal every weekend



*believing in the process, having faith in progress, even when my body felt weaker, sore-r, tired-er with some subsequent bar classes or some hikes



Here's what didn't work for me in the last 2 weeks:



*when Jordan came, my schedule was disrupted. Post-Jordan, I should've continued with *movement* and then tracking my food intake, because eating so many bowls of cereal, almond butter, etc. even when I was just eating in, did not do compounding positive effects.



So. Here are my week goals (including today's which is great!):



2 mindful meals/day + 1 snack in between. Meals are 


https://www.mindbodygreen.com/0-27830/30-things-ive-done-to-simplify-my-life.html



I like a lot of these principles



future book to read:




https://www.amazon.com/Simplify-Your-Life-Things-Really/dp/0786880007/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?tag=mind0a3-20




Another resonating to me article:




https://zenhabits.net/7-little-habits-that-can-change-your-life-and-how-to-form-them/





https://zenhabits.net/7-little-habits-that-can-change-your-life-and-how-to-form-them/
https://zenhabits.net/7-little-habits-that-can-change-your-life-and-how-to-form-them/




https://zenhabits.net/7-little-habits-that-can-change-your-life-and-how-to-form-them/



Someone with an accent speaking English means they are probably more fluent in another language than you are.-orsomethinglikehowtheaccentisindicativeofthat...thatmademesomuchmoreappreciative,maybeevensomewhat"wondrous"ofimmigrantswhenIwasgrowingupinafairlyhomogenouscommunity



Whynotme?-thisbrokemylimitingbeliefsfromothersbeingthemandmebecomingcapabletoo...momsaiditfirstaboutthisgirlfromdisneywhowastouringinchicago,saidshe's just a person, mysisterandI couldbecomehertoo.applieditlaterincollege,lookingbackathighschool,etc.
ALSO on view towards negative events in life: from Terry Fox interview



We get to look at this pillar. - megan schick - i really appreciate this quality, including from my mom, jordan, people closest to me., context: pep band rally, some HS school spirit rally (i really enjoyed these!), not pep band cuz i was sitting next to Meghan


^related: teacher in Canada taught us it takes the same energy to make someone's day as to ruin it. So come on... Related to stories (thoughts) we tell ourselves shape who we are (and requiring the same energy!): positive versus negative thinking example: to Roselyn who went second last, I said "they save the best for last" whereas Ach who's last loudly complained "I'm always last"


writings from notebook:



life lessons learned last semester:



From Avatria interviewing: work with willing initial adopters first



From McKinsey interviewing: in piloting, A/B test to show results proven with data, to convince change 



from someone (I don't remember), a white middle-aged guy in Champaign: setting goals in professional life - public = achievable, private = higher



from company of one, blinkist book: having an exit and stop growth criteria, comes down to the what and why of what humans want, creating freedom to say no.



from Aquilos org: choosing who to help by helping those who ask for it



from 1 minute millionaire book: segmenting things is very helpful for identification, i.e. types of freedom



reflection on inaction conundrum (diff word?): sure action can cause unhappiness where there was happiness, but that's how societal changes happen



from Redfin interviewing: importance of doing things right the first time



thing learned from Dibbs: helpfulness of talking to competitors



Bag of cookies, woman at airport story. 

Adding salt and pepper. That's it! For seasoning real food. Learned from her from Rth


Not quote but action (maybe also a quote was in there): Melissa Jin doing her homework as soon as it was assigned. 


There are so so so many opportunities, pulling my time in different directions. 



What's important is prioritization and planning and action.



Today, Saturday February 23rd:



boulder symphony :)



thought: i'm at HackCU... this would be a crowd for my business, how and what would I do to test this opportunity?



To get done between 1-5pm: Overall goal: Finish stressors (the not urgent but yes important things), detox? life



write, taxes, send message on wechat, file nonprofit stuff



Tomorrow, Sunday February 24th:



bar 



Eliminate stresses this weekend by finishing what I need to get done.



Monday, February 25h:






and/or dislike to do:



*paperwork (i.e. nonprofit funding)



*managing relationships



*promoting myself



things learned from dibbs


https://www.elitedaily.com/wellness/weight-loss-tips-diet-food/1820249


^incredible go-to link to refer to 


aw: "Japanese folk sayings. One example: “If you have a pleasant experience eating something you have never tasted before, your life will be lengthened by 75 days.”"


Recently I learned, the following I'll add to my daily/weekly routine:



  miso soup
  maybe wakame (soak for 10 minutes before use)
  ginger?
  turmeric
  cabbage 
  so many different spices, from curry powder to spicy sauce (use sparingly the latter!)
  Shirataki noodles
  Rooibos chai: https://www.mindbodygreen.com/0-26203/the-one-drink-you-should-have-every-day-if-you-want-to-fight-inflammation.html
  Another link on it: https://wellnessmama.com/69524/rooibos-tea/


Books, medicine, ...

https://greatist.com/live/money-saving-tips/amp



https://greatist.com/live/how-to-spend-zero-extra-dollars-this-month



^for reducing spending $







Also, I've found that drinking black tea/tea with caffeine in the afternoon optimizes my energy, productivity, and momentum.



I also love love love drinking miso soup in the morning; it helps me with IF and is so satisfying. As well as say ginger/non-caffeinated tea.



And then ideally a no caffeine tea before bed for relaxation :)




Also, I've found that drinking black tea/tea with caffeine in the afternoon optimizes my energy, productivity, and momentum.



I also love love love drinking miso soup in the morning; it helps me with IF and is so satisfying. As well as say ginger/non-caffeinated tea.



And then ideally a no caffeine tea before bed for relaxation :)




On being human.



Interesting thought/observation: more people refer to smartphones as just phones now.

"Professional" (But also personal in terms of personal growth, and financial, and my outlet to helping the world.)

I'll own a property that I'll use to pilot better living co-living niche.

I'll have 5 clients for my wellness coaching for tech community brand.

"Personal"

I'll have a body I'm proud of inhabiting most of the time. I'll take care of myself and love myself.

I'll surround myself with incredible people.
Ie if something was stolen, that the person who stole it needed it more than I, to resort to such measures even

Ie if I lose something, that it's one less thing to stress about

Ie when someone borrows my bike without asking, it's because of a good reason that they did that, like they were in a rush

Ie the cookie airport story!!!

Ie

Put into words: our self talk influences the way we see the world influences the way the world reacts back (include words/examples from the mastercourse guy on merger)
In which case, step 0 is self love and care.

pro to eating everything of plants/animals:



the fiber we eat: 
***regulates speed at which food travels through our gut, modulates our metabolism, slows down sugars, feeds good bacteria in our gut



with processed foods, we can eat so much more food in a very small package without realizing -  this short circuits our ability to know when we're full and we've had enough!! we've overriden the mechanisms we've evolved to signal fullness and satiation 



source, last few minutes of this vid detailing 3 takeaways: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMOjVYgYaG8






Here's what I'm going to be known for in my life:



I'm going to transform the way Americans live. 



I'll start with a market niche of immediately post-college people in towns like Cleveland, Indianapolis, etc.



Then I'll explore a market niche of elderly people.



Then I'll explore the market niche of families!! I'd love to live in a co-living place one day with my family I think? This will be when I go to that life stage myself.



Here are some attributes of my new living spaces: 



Nourish Network?Grow to have a great reach (residents being an asset) and seek partnerships from relationships from cool companies like Health Ade Kombucha, etc. (it's free placement/advertising to people!)Application and vetting processHip website :)Social media and online advertising, including videosFight lonelinessIncrease quality of life of Americans, community, happiness, sharing, support, bettering each person, learningCurate experiences, curate wonderHave a "nourish"? code, unite people through shared values/rules/practicesSustainability is a priority! (sharing spices/things = less consuming to the worldMake the initial pilot to audience of me: yuppie, educated, care about environment but not as much as say people from Greenhouse, ideally some sort of international experience :)The audience/customers pay a slight premium for peace of mind in many aspects, flexibility including in leasing?, win-win for all :)Grow my assets in real estate and net worth for financial componentStart small... do things my way, see what work and what doesn't, instead of getting VC funding and growing quicklyPersonal lots of learning! My *side* hustle... I don't want to be cornered to doing this forever.



I will pilot this concept within 5 years. Meaning by age 27. Hmm what does it take to pilot this within 3 years? By age 25? First step may be to create an online test of interest (i.e. video content and then application online). Saying the living situation will release in a year? And get mentorship on how to market it in the way I envision it in my mind. 







Furthermore, I'll create products changing consumer behavior and raising awareness. Including: branded/storied to-go boxes for catered events (starting with environmentally friendly events!!), special cards (reusable? again with a story!), baag (collapsible, chic reusable bag)


Feelings like this. Breathing in fresh air. Poetry in my own way. Freedom.



I have this weekend to work on GMAT wholly, completely, focused.







https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVSv7UxB2E
BTW the video is filmed in Boulder!! and they have footage of the Rocky Mountain National Park... including hiking paths I want to go on!



now for me to do: implement and practice the drills!!



Also, here's a drill to try:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApxXA_RrVtU




Also @me, use this video as inspiration:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm7OtVr7yCE




her half marathon time after 5 (or 7) weeks of (intensive) training was 7:28/mile

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uDs6pjSskc

and the substituting things that bring me non-over-rated joy



1) travelling
- grocery stores, trying new foods!!!



2) digital nomad/ remote working
- working at a new coffee shop, trying a new drink :)



3) skiing/surfing/expensive sports 
- right now, for me, i don't live near inexpensive ways and places to do expensive sports (d'oh?), so my alternative is stuff like biking, rollerblading, hiking, climbing, slack-lining, etc!



4) eating out
- cooking!! with fresh, delicious, possibly new to try ingredients :)



5) movies - reading a book 3 And stories exchanged with humans



6) driving for the most part
- biking :P



7) paying for new things in a consumeristic way? like shopping (especially for self)
- gifting brings me more joy. both me being gifter and giftee. and using the things i am gifting (fully and with joy, because of intention behind the gifts!).



8) going fast in life
- stop and smelling the flowers. breathing deeply. going slower/wearing the helmet/etc



9) processed snacks that are advertised to us
- fresh, whole foods.



10) partying/drinking with lots of friends/loud music/etc.
- maybe once in a blue moon. me more often: indulging in self care, deep conversations, wholesome smiles and laughter



11) rap/mainstream pop music
- mumford and sons :P



12) cities
- sure at times they bring lots of opportunities and such, but me more so , I really appreciate places I can breathe deeply and breathe fresh air.



13) celebrities and fame
- time for ourselves, freedom!! for me to say/do what I want, without pressure from others



14) extreme wealth
- that seems to be another stress/thing to worry about. instead, I enjoy having enough, and more importantly, knowing I have the SKILLS to allow me to always have enough wherever I am in the world



15) donating to huge non-profits (the ones people interact with/hear of more often)
- creating impact we can (personally) see and measure
-this one may be a bit controversial 



16) social media - real human interactions!!!!! and phone calls even, or other forms of communication like letters/video calls. + more direct 



-also in general, I like the photos I take with my own eyes a lot more :)



17) designer clothes/ styles/ fast fashion - quality apparel that allows us to feel comfortable, more freedom, and consume less overall , ideally pass on from generation! , timeless classical pieces



18) living in luxurious places
- smaller spaces but most importantly for me are: 1) people i live with (do they inspire me, push me to make me a better person since I will spend more time with them than others by default) and 2) location! is it bikeable/commutable? Biking is v important for me :P. and with this, I can save time! or use time more efficiently , also/aside: smaller spaces for me allows for me to not own much!! = more freedom (trend in my life :))



19) network of people who have achieved much - authenticity. mindset. people who are there for you for the ups and downs (long term is more meaningful for me). and i reciprocating that



20) loving family - JK! loving family is utterly most underrated / over rated/ so it's well-rated?, it's one of the most important things



-and I'd say health falls in this category too



21) disney/movie-pushed version of "love" - haha this is a ramble



22) having top of line gear to support you in doing things - having top of line discipline and habits to support you in doing things







23) paying for drinks out - hm… maybe not overrated for once in a blue moon, but overall, i love love love tea/infused water/soups!! that i make at home



24) health trends i.e. juice cleanses
- sustainable (both in better for you monetarily and better for you in terms of health because more nutrients, warmer, and imo tastier, and better for the earth because less food waste and plastic production) alternative is soups! doesn't take long to make a huge batch for the week, and it's so nutritious (uses more of the ingredients wholly and even can use ingredients that usually we discard) and can flavor with a lot of variety and soul-warming, and healing



25) living in a studio - at least overrated for me now… i enjoy living with good people, sharing! 



26) mainstream tourism - visiting friends around the world. living and experiencing the day to day as they do. breathing and appreciating the magic in the differences.



27) Mainstream books - at least generally
- time tested classics 


On money:



On time:



Making the most of the present



Maybe words on age



On self-expression (extension or encapsulation of time and money):



On clothes: I want staples. Few clothes that I accumulate through my ages. Clothes that express my being. Comfortable, classic. Furthermore, I want to have seasonal wardrobe capsules. 



Ballet flats, t-shirts (a good fit, kind of vintage), jeans!!, necklace, maybe to add: a well-fitting blazer, an easy-add scarf with color (perhaps my black floral one), nice jacket (like trench kind of?), invest in backpack/purse (something I use so often!)



Calculate price of item by Price per Wear ratio! Like how calculating price of food at store, it's necessary to check the ingredients (is it what % water they're selling, if and how much of sugar/salt/low quality oil is added), and divide the price by how much there is (i.e. ounces) for a unit price to have a more valid comparison! 



Go to things less, BUT, go to everything with the mindset of making a quality first impression. Meaning, shower, dress to impress (but more-so dress for myself to feel optimally confident), have hair/skin be on point. This increases my luck and my personal happiness... I feel better about myself, people sometimes sense that (or I act more gregariously and positively which leads to the reciprocation), and that leads me to feel even better about myself.



On self-care:



On enjoyment?



i.e. time for dreaming



On self-improvement:



On stress?/ On my mentality! 



On family:



On exercise:



On my staples:



*possibly: not getting dependent on stuff, but like dulcolax/laxative for my priority: confidence feeling? or/including sleeping pills in those instances... like 4x/year



*health is definitely human's and my top priority in long term/repeated actions... Because, without health (derived from the Earth!! like clean air/water, yaknow), nothing is of value to us. Like, when it comes to it, we may pay $$$$$ to have health, when it's too late... Which is so frustrating, because instead of paying so much (we can't afford or have the option to pay at that point), we can be consistently paying a bit, being disciplined in this.



Staples:



The minimal benchmarks for sustainable, self-feeling successful, hedonism.



Daily:



lemon + ginger + probiotics tea in morning



stopping eating at 8pm, brush teeth then (sometimes put on retainer), regardless of what the food is. possibly save for next day if I want to eat it... the why: because it'll enable regular liver (+ allowing liver to take a necessary break) + digestion function at night (also it'll help me sleep at a regular time I think! and wake up naturally), I'll end the day with a sense of accomplishment!! which rolls into the next daywellness/calming tea before bedideally read ~1 hour before bed (phones away :)put on lip balm before bedboil water and put in thermos for morning.



Weekly:



get enough sleep!! @me, to ask therapist: what are some tools I can use to not over-eat when I'm tired, and if I can't sleep... tbh maybe COFFEE :P (~1-2x max/week)eat mindfully, mostly meals, with yummy snacks like fruit/veggies



More on envisioning my life in San Francisco:



My Reasons Why For Exercise: (separate blog post!)










Simone Signoret


I am the most wealthy in having time.



@me, don't lose sight of that


Main takeaway: focus on what I can control



“words of Marcus Aurelius: ‘If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.”



“Stoics believed that emotions can lead to excessive subjectivity and misjudgment. They supported an attitude of calm and dispassionate control, since they thought emotions (especially negative ones like envy, anger, or fear) could blur one’s mind, interfere with mental capacities, and estrange one from the truth.”



On Anger



“Buddha’s words: ‘Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.”



“Anger also implies a previous emotional attachment to an idea or outcome. When things don’t go as planned, you experience anger.”



“The key is not reacting impulsively to things, but taking time to process feelings internally and understand the part you are actually playing in your own anger. ”



“If you want to get rid of anger, you should first and foremost examine your opinions and understand why you are disappointed or enraged. It might mean the beliefs you hold aren’t valid. ”



“This perspective allows you more independence on the long run, once you understand the part you play in your own anger.”



“Getting angry somehow suggests an inability to understand things objectively or to practice big-picture thinking. Some people get angry about small details instead of seeking to hear the entire story or to see things from different perspective. Controlling your own anger shows maturity, detachment, and independence from trivial matters.”









Around 3 and 4 minute marks

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Hcd6yCHePM

To write down!
while there’s nothing inherently wrong with a low-key couple of days of doing nothing much at all, you’re bound to feel much more energized and refreshed come Monday if you’ve done something memorable.

^free time formula by

@me:.... Maybe seeing value and being ok with free time?/leisure/hobbies? Mindset change for increased happiness and fulfillment
People different than you

Necessary To make things happen in life

Have to vs. Get to



"Or, you can follow the path of the most productive and happy people you know. By redefining the work you’ve chosen to do as something you get to do.



And yes, I’ll point out that you can even do that with your taxes. It’s something you get to do because you’re successful and lucky enough to live in a civil society."



Source:  https://seths.blog/2019/04/the-gap-between-have-to-and-get-to/



Relatable: 



"“We are surprised when someone self-directed arrives on the scene. Someone who figures out a way to work from home and then turns that into a two-year journey, laptop in hand, as they explore the world while doing their job. We are shocked that someone uses evenings and weekends to get a second education or start a useful new side business. And we’re envious when we encounter someone who has managed to bootstrap themselves into happiness, as if that’s rare or even uncalled for.”"



Source: https://seths.blog/2010/12/the-worlds-worst-boss/


thought: language (Vocab accordingly) is limited by the knowledge of it by others
(i.e…. i can learn and increase my vocab in english, but they're not always so useful communicating with others… instead maybe they're useful for myself to provide frameworks/put language into the things i notice/see… give me an additional tool to see/describe/make sense of the world)


themes



*differentiation (CWA)







*my mom is my best friend



*give first





1. Happiness words?

2. Dress to be happy

3. Reminder: "everyone"'s insecure. Me: be so fully present and alive in the PRESENT!! (Dress and feeling of self confidence is part of it, not having that insecurity is HUGE especially in other people's perception of my X factor/charisma I think)

Allocative efficiency... asking myself the "why" behind different actions.



For example, all these projects will become part of my portfolio of my brand and reputation! TBH maybe work on these in the future WITH Nicole :) 



Speaking with high schoolers/high school people to ask about what information would be helpful for them in deciding a college/degree/life path :P, I personally envision crowdsourcing list of names of people to interview and questions to ask them, in possibly a voice podcast and written word to be published online! Which can then be shared with the people who requested it and onwards for a quick big following :)Teach Nicole about rejection :) Learning to embrace failure and be ok/more comfortable with itMaybe also with Nicole in HS: teaching people in retirement homes how to use technology!! this is an awesome market niche :) + can mobilize people!



Possible why: help Nicole stand out and get into a college that's good for her :)

1. Why not?

2. He loves me

3. I trust him.

4. He works hard in making me feel loved and being completely transparent with me.

5. He's young and learning his own path:)

6. I've met and he introduces me to the people!

7. A lot of people have hobbies! Many others have "worse" in my mind like video games or "actual" gambling and not winning/tracking. Show him I support him in a way I'd want to be supported too! But seriously, A LOT of people have hobbies!!! They're healthy.

8. He's caring. He's intelligent. He compared what he's doing to stock market and I mostly can understand that. He's growing and less importantly but also a point: there can be interchangeable life skills.

9. He loves me and shows it. Actually #9 should be: I love him.

10. He's communicative and transparent and listens to me. And helps me become a better person ♥️

11. It's a masculine hobby and that's hot

Heya readers,



My last few months have been a break from a preset road. This is my second break in the last ~4 years and will probably be my last break for another ~2-3 years. 



The biggest privilege I have is time. Time to think about my life. Time to think about my world beyond the concerns of the preset path.



I've learned (for myself): it's easier to do more when my life is filled. I struggle more when I have less fullness in my life.



I'm appreciative of the low risk moments I was able to test and grow my being. Small things, but character things, that matter:



Being on time... It's not that hard to be early and it's SO much less stress.Relationships are of top priority. (to write more on this, like qualityquantity, LONG TERM)Treat everyone like the messiah (this helps make me grow!)Give first.Asking myself "What is important?" when I get stressed. And breathing and spending some time outside.*Self care: +incl dress*Therapy isn't really for me... (maybe write more on this) (save $ long term ;P)*Moving to CA! instead of NYC :) (long term saving too!)*Mindset on movement, body, nutrition; learning (reading) on all of the above combined with trial and error in my life*Mindset on what I want in longer term: *Personal growth (I don't want to lose this!) *physical growth! (mention barre, hiking, biking, hills)*Solidification of what makes me happy:*New mindsets that I'm conflicted by: consumption and thriving in "bubbles"*Morning and evening routines*Spending some time to dream*Relationship with mom/family (which is constantly evolving I guess)Practicing weighing new thoughts in my mind before immediately dismissing*Maybe: solidification of  my current strengths/likes: like positivity, authenticity (listening)*Time to read!!  + maybe mentioning learning Chinese?*+mention GMAT studying and results :) and thoughts still on GMATBeing comfortable away from technology and notifications :)



"Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny."



From: Riebe, Wolfgang. “100 Quotations to Make You Think!.”



My learnings have been shaping and growing my thoughts to actions (then to words when I describe what I am doing) to habits to character! 



===



I think I may have been able to learn a lot of these in my adult life regardless. But also it may have been harder as well. And I may have learned many new, other things starting work sooner. But I do think, this is great building of foundation for the long-term. SO that I can build on the additional/supplementary stuff once I start work



===



@me: possibly write more on some of those individual points* 



i.e. on point 9: include more info on embracing and being comfortable with hunger, + words on freedom


I plan to publish this "publicly" when I start my co-living venture :)



There's enough in this world. We just need to change culture to view sharing as okay or positive. 







Mention happiness of dorm living to sophomore year ! 



Mention sharing clothes when people move :P



How moving/mobile people are 


First, key words: eco, modernist, environmentally caring, transparency caring, social justice caring, educated, young, urban, professional, practical, digitally influenced, digitally participating, worldly



Activities: 



drinking kombucha, and open to trying international foodscare for gut healthtravel the world in a boho way


Each time I open my computer, flux has a pop-up confirming a change in location/time zone. 



I feel like, a lot of the people in the world, are not in this upper echelon I may be working to enter. 



It's ~$107 for a month of climbing at Planet Granite.



Random observations continued: 



Quite interesting, how I view so many people (thought came from members of Planet Granite) as somewhat selfish? In their 20s and such, making 6 figure salaries, not having dependents, there's some sort of raw blissful selfish(?) freedom to that.



I'm feeling comfortable. I think this mindset will be important as I start McKinsey :)



Here's what I want to get done today:



Later: buy shampoo/conditioner (maybe later on Amazon?) (maybe Target? there might be a bogo50%off), buy frozen chicken breast and tenderloins (or maybe just tenderloins?), bring clothes hangers to new house :)send 3 emails (get em done)



Be in places where I feel I can do more. That's where I am now.


I'm going to give myself a 30 day challenge. The last one I did was removing myself from Facebook, which changed my life. Consistency leads to results :)



In the next 30 days, starting today May 21st, 2019 and ending June 20th, 2019, I will do the following, every single day:



clean and moisturize my face, neck, and hands for face and neck: clean with water, moisturize with aloe vera (+ hydrate with drinking lots of water)also use lip balm everyday, and hand lotion on hands during the day20 minutes of working out with YouTube videos: abs + glutes 1 day, abs + arms the other day; plus 5 minutes of knee exercises + foam rollerlisten to 1 Chinese story podcast + explanation (Learning Chinese Through Stories podcast)practice 15 minutes of singing using Vanido app



My personal goals for 1 month from now:



know all the words in 1 of my Chinese books



Later on:



Learn 1 beginner piano song by heart Learn 1 intermediate piano song by heart 



For tomorrow:



For this week:


Down the line (1 new change per month)



*put on sun screen (first use the samples)



*Thayers Rose Petal Toner (using hands not cotton pads, use daily or 1x/2 days after washing and before moisturizing)



*Aztec Healing Clay + ACV (mask to exfoliate 1x/week)



*maybe Origin's Ginzeng moisturizer (to replace/supplement aloe vera)



*wash pillow case ~1x/2 weeks



*way way way down the line: cleanser (for me, stick with water first to irritate skin less)




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0_YlSYBDYY




^More product examples


*how to dance



*how to tell stories!!!!!!! (how it's important to connecting with people :)



*maybe: how it feels/how I feel to thrive. Ie being so full that I'm there for others. Positive feedback loop. But also taking care of myself first.   ... What kind of community it was. Balance between myself and others. Healthy. Learned from college "mistakes"/experiences.



*confidence. Huge confidence builder. Ie for me to just keep going for things. Be first mover. Volunteer/raise my hand first. It's a habit. (to share this with Nicole! On raising hand for questions, and how questions usually work: what both sides are thinking... Don't need to over explain yourself when asking questions (this will become a quick hey nix post) because think on host side: they'll want to try anyway to try to answer question esp cuz since it's public and in front of others!! * People just feel more than listen. Feel you as first question asker. Feel confidence in host's answer. I've found often they just talk and don't really totally answer your question. Also on asking questions: just saw something. Doesn't have to make sense. Should be genuine. Don't analyze like if speaker already answered q or would know answer or not. Think more of a dialogue/conversation.. ok now on speaker side, when you're a speaker, to appear more confident be aware that first few seconds no one really asks first question. Also so when you ask first question quickly; everyone's thankful for you, ie others have more time to formulate their own, speaker often remembers you cuz you were first, and everyone thankful you broke/prevented the awkwardness. 



Whoops on confidence: of knowing if have this whole team behind me. Supporting me. Loving me. 


I learn more about myself when I'm in new situations.I feel more empathetic to statistics and words. Like depression and like other life transition periods I've heard of.In transitionary periods, remember the situation is not: Permanent, Personal, or Pervasive. Build up sometime to look forward to.Also, establish routine for myself. Also, start the day with a cornerstone habit like exercise. That's it. Don't lay in bed overthinking the day, overthinking life, etc. Just get up and do that one thing. It'll set off a chain reaction of actions.Find events out there in the world and go to meet people!Seriously. GO to the world. Find ways to go out to hang out. This is for my own stability's sake when I'm spending way too much time alone in the house. I have myself. I am resilient. I am capable. Appreciate this brilliant world.Create work that brings flow. Call mom.







Real talk:



empathygo go exercise on meaning... on overthinking. (+how friends are the most impt thing to me right now + are a necessary thing... so that's how i usually justify hobbies :) because it's a way i take care of myself so i can take care of the world... but also because i need good friends/"teammates" who believe in each other to create impact to the world!! 



My aunt has depression. My friends have depression. I've heard about it, but never thought much on it. During this transitory period, I felt not good. I don't remember not feeling not good... I think my mind moves on and heals itself quickly. Or covers it up. Anyways, I felt some meaninglessness to life itself... And this made me think.. Maybe this is more of how people with depression feel, but worse.This makes me happy.****











Also, thanks to people who've said me too, i've gone through these. (beach days). it's incredibly validating. OR people who've gone through more than me ! 10 weeks one person, 3 months someone else knows, and 3 weeks *after* training for another person.



^write on this... about TA stuff we learned







So, what are the projects that I'm working on 


I like being alone. When I'm alone, no one can let me down but myself. 



I felt a pit in my stomach when J said he did that gummy. 



Made me think, I should be youthful, and do what young reckless people do, the things that J had said no to.







ugh then we talk and i feel bad



to me: write on the good things, breathe in deeply, write down things like how kind he is so my first reactions are assuming good intentions and seeing things from his point of view!!! love first. 


Hey boy. I sometimes love you.


ask people why, not what, for deeper conversationleading by example: huge in orgs+ maybe like, working together... working in teams, making sure everyone's heard



In relationship with J:



I will strive to be more compassionate and patient. I don't need to expect you to remember everything especially details and have the same assumptions as I do in my head.



Also I think being more open-minded in facing critique. Oh yeah: be less defensive upon first hearing of feedback from J. He's often right and I'm wrong. Be open-minded to accept that earlier.



Talk less. Support more. !!!!!!!! I genuinely think I can work on this. Ie when he mentioned surfing on mind body day, I nitpicked him not knowing which day it was when what should’ve been memorable was me being excited for him. Maybe actionable step is to meditate for ~5 minutes before our phone calls/interactions because our times together are sparse anyways. Furthermore, I need to practice and learn how to be supportive when/if/even if I don’t have that great of a day. TO DO. 


1) when I read about aw things online, I realize he does many of these!!!
Ie: They lie with you until you calm down and fall asleep.





“He’ll lie in bed with me, even if it’s8 p.m.,and rub my back, tell me quietly how he hopes I have a good day tomorrow and that it will be all okay. He waits until I’m snoring away before he leaves the room.”


+kind of:

They give you a funny card to make you laugh when you don’t feel like laughing.


“When you’re having a bad day but your boyfriend knows just how to cheer you up.”


Source: https://www.huffpost.com/entry/how-to-cheer-up-your-partner_n_5a1c6105e4b0d23f4c3b3e56

+tbh so many more incl on Allwomenstalk

@me, I love loving him: small stuff + long ago + maybe should be more often: ordering Panera soup for him when he was sick, writing a I love you note in his sandwich to the airport

2. So many things he does BECAUSE he wants to make me happy.

Way too many to write down.

I'll write a few

He makes me so confident. Seriously much of my confidence is from his unwavering love. + his unreserved compliments

Weed til 25 pact: out of love!!!! Care for me

always so freaking caring, ie holding my hand after mud run when I told him I was upset after 10k

Listening and acting on what matters

@me: i) let go of the small things, ii) give/love first (maintain this perspective cuz he's love 0 (before 1)) don't retaliate or hurt him with my words/actions if I'm acting out of hurt. iii) assume best intentions- breathe deeply!!!

he takes care of me. Ie toe callus/shoes

Floss present 🥰😁

Also huge for me to work on:

Forgive meaning forget.

If I forgive and we've talked and moved past something, then I don't bring it back up in moments of stress/emotional me as an example when he's done something to back my point or to hurt w a thoughtless quip. Think act meditate visualize live love.

How to interrupt a conversation gracefully:



____ what did Harry say at dinner last night? Something about excuse me for interrupting? Or I overheard ___ ?



How to get someone to be happy to help you out:



(including sometimes dropping what they're currently doing or adding something on!)


And I'm looking forward to each stage of it! 



Professional:



Work hard and develop myself professionally for ~2 years (22-25)Go to business school, sponsored by company, for 2 years (25-27)Work hard again for 2 years (27-29), possibly be starting my own company or 

*not sponsored

1) free WiFi on flight for messaging and movies (and pretty great movie selection btw!)

2) free snacks

3) wonder moments. The little, unexpected but very welcome comments that brighten my day for a few moments

4) we get to choose our own seats! Being in a priority ticket means there's ample room in an emergency row. Or if I don't want to wait getting out of the plane, being near the very front.

5) our tickets also have a drink voucher, which I personally don't need, but it's cool! Not needing to pay for an alcoholic beverage (even if the company is paying for it if I bought one on a different Airline).

6) another one I no longer am using much: 2 free checked bags. It's the little things that just make the experience phenomenal!
Until the particular behavior presents itself as a pattern.

Seek understanding.

People may be having personal battles.
Until the particular behavior presents itself as a pattern.

Seek understanding.

People may be having personal battles.
Perhaps give to the world around me most by being unselfish, caring, honest, and kind.
Developed from ~second year mark of first long term romantic relationship that also betters my relationships with others!

Day in Santa Cruz: surfing?, Garden of Eden (hiking and swimming hole)



Possible people to invite:



Matthew Dierker and his housemates seem outdoorsy! 


When my nights seem just as, if not more, colorful than my days. It feels like living living living, around the clock.



Here's a bit of planning around my day:







Reflections: This week was kind of hectic. Next up: sleep more, by staying closer to the office :) 







More things learned:



**asking the right questions: that's how these meetings are driven! :D 



And really: it's about ownership, becoming the expert in what you do. Whatever work you're working on, you become the expert on that in the team. No one else on the team would know as much as you on that; which also becomes a mental confidence booster.



Also G said, sure more tenured people on the team and SMEs have had experience and there's some pattern recognition, but then because of that, a great value add for me would be that I don't have that pattern recognition! Because each study is different in some way



Here is how I want to add value for next week:



*come up with my own slides to bring to the Tuesday working session :D 



*Go and see Aug 6th: see ceremonies etc, seeing agile in action! *to do ask Gaurav to make sure I get added to this, to see how things are currently, this is super in my court ! 







Words from Shannon: McKinsey "you are expected to lend your brain to everybody" *in PSes: allows for continuous learning, and even if you're not on that workstream/an expert, you are a highly intelligent person with ideas to share



*caring about everything, learning! intellectual ness :)



She also said: my favorite thing is to PS (so pull me in!) (also this would be the easiest thing in getting her on the same page)



*she says this is the funnest thing she's ever had! 



*she's good with text, if i need time with her on something, text her and she'll find time during day of!



*@me to work on: **adding value by being constructive. I think that my view of the world is always just seeing all the best qualities and thus not being critical, and that's a habit created from long time use. However, in this career, to be constructive means being critical so others can improve! SO, I'm going to start working on this :)



==



70k points is about the roundtrip from SFO to China.. 



~$730/each way = ~35k points



*I currently have ~23k



*I can earn 7k if I spend $400 on a trip!! But my trips are all ~300 bummer... because that would put me to 



So I'll have ~25k + 40k = 65k points 



which is just 5k points away from the full RT to China!! woohoo



=



anyways, my day:



11:30-1pm = shower + pack for the day in SF! 



1pm-2:30pm = work/call 



3pm = another call



**find time to go to the city def by 6pm tho!! 



==







also awesome taking inventory of so far:



incl, *healthy MEALS, and optimizing what for breakfast?



+ Also, posture



+snacks... do a calorie approx of the snacks I generally nibble on , and see what/how to change ! because small things can create compounding things!! !! !! 



**next week and beyond, orange theory fitness :D (get a membership + expense)


check payroll: call? to understand pay advice



optimize 







==



this is awesome:



Martin Eriksson quoting Peter Drucker “There is nothing quite so useless as doing with great efficiency something that should not be done at all”
What I like to call “Solutions in search of problems”


To be built collaboratively, by the start of her high school.



"Reading these sheets, you'll internalize your worth which will in turn help you act your worth which will in turn get others to treat you with the worth you act." - Kat



For example, here is mine:





Great things I've learned:

Take time, don't put all funds in immediately

Don't procrastinate, actions should align with goals

Learn and track lessons learned, reasons and outcomes for each action

Diversify: at times, I want a large sum to make a large bet AND consistently invest in index funds

LEARN! There's wisdom in the past as well. Tune out the noise.

long term for me now: decades

Make a plan, stick to it, but ALSO examine it every year because circumstances change and we learn more
*not sponsored

1) free WiFi on flight for messaging and movies (and pretty great movie selection btw!)

2) free snacks

3) wonder moments. The little, unexpected but very welcome comments that brighten my day for a few moments

4) we get to choose our own seats! Being in a priority ticket means there's ample room in an emergency row. Or if I don't want to wait getting out of the plane, being near the very front.

5) our tickets also have a drink voucher, which I personally don't need, but it's cool! Not needing to pay for an alcoholic beverage (even if the company is paying for it if I bought one on a different Airline).

6) another one I no longer am using much: 2 free checked bags. It's the little things that just make the experience phenomenal!
Great things I've learned:

Take time, don't put all funds in immediately

Don't procrastinate, actions should align with goals

Learn and track lessons learned, reasons and outcomes for each action

Diversify: at times, I want a large sum to make a large bet AND consistently invest in index funds

LEARN! There's wisdom in the past as well. Tune out the noise.

long term for me now: decades

Make a plan, stick to it, but ALSO examine it every year because circumstances change and we learn more

I'm going to write down some of the things I'm grateful for. It's been a while. 



I'm excited to be in a job that is honestly, kind of energizing. Perhaps part of it includes spending time with people. Being able to focus and work.



I'm excited about the people on my team, who are amazing, helpful, kind, and thus help push me to become a better person.



I'm excited about the things about my current job and current position in life:



Great people around meSo blessed to have Jordan in my life.I'm a "BA" at this age... a bunch of reasons why this is the best place for me to be at this timeThat I have good habits (/have started developing better habits) with regards to:postureeating cleanly esp during the weekdrinking a lot of water :)working out in the mornings :)I genuinely am learning a lot on the job. I should/could spend some time sometime (now? later?, never?) to synthesize some of my learnings.@me continue having a strength of being coachable? 



Here's what I'm going to get done today:



write my application for junior davossubmit everything else to VGstart draft of what to print to FedEx (have a running list incl sizes?)


So girl, while you're young and finding yourself, stay frugal. Because there is so much out there to do.



I have a backlog of things to write. These include:



*1-pager reminder of my love






When you're heard and seen more... when you have more "visibility," then just because of that, you will be thought of more by people who have to choose who to give opportunities to. Aka usually more visibility = more sponsorship.Remind myself and sometimes outwardly remind clients that what we're doing is not personal.






The first steps are the most daunting. 



But soon, when you look around and realize: most people want to be led. Most people want to belong, feel connection, be a part of something bigger than themselves… Leadership is a service to provide people these.And you'll realize, everything everything around us has been built by people… Some smarter and some not as smart as us. So why not us. 



Qualities of great leaders:
*Putting group first: leading by example (bravery: take a perspective, communicate how you're changing the status quo (this starts with questioning the status quo (how things have been "always" done))… Leaders aren't non partisanal because non partisanal people don't join movements, leading by example), ie eating last … Generosity  … Add value to the group 
*Authenticity And conveying That



communication!!!!Fake It Before You Make It. Look At Leaders At School And Elsewhere And Take And Implement Small Things You Observe From Them. keep Practicing it until it feels natural


5:30-7pm: work on MIS workstream :)



7pm: call with Marco



8pm: call with Matthew Daiter



9pm: write-up on learnings, messaging with Saba



alongside 8-9pm = leadership development model write-up



also possibly to synthesize my day today:



6-7pm: *meera reached out to girls on the run bay area leadership (she was part of SVO (?) community (there's also SVO women!)... and looked at (wen-wen? (AP at SVO) is the lead on that?) orgs to do events!) **this is something to engage their alumni! past 4-6th grade girls program. *if I colead this, I'll get to know Katherine and Christine (the two people from girls on the run board) and build that relationship! (next week to talk on embark material to share with them!) *katie millwa (meghna reached out to her) for practice case materials



5-6pm or so: talked to Roselyn!



earlier: talked to mom! 



earlier: worked out at orangetheory! got groceries for the week :) 



backlog of to do:



*exposure matrix and ___ for my review!



==



**also have learned: i don't love golden milk latte but i've gotten it continuously at different places ... never to great results... maybe it's because the first time it was ok? or the idea of it? idk, maybe one day i'll learn! :D 


Kat



Professional Development "Wins" this week and
prior:



PDP Dimension:



Client ImpactInterview
with Renee on current state of agile capability: "Is comfortable listening
and asking open questions in interviews"Email
interaction with Lia Walker post agile program meeting: "Writes clear,
concise emails "Thanks Kathryn for the guidance on format, words
in subject, etc!Knowledgeable PractitionerFound
best practice agile transformation PDs on Know and compiled them in a folder:
"Able to navigate the practice or cell to access relevant knowledge,
resources, and bring to bear in client situations"EntrepreneurshipAdding
proposed ideas to agenda slide: "Proposes ways to over-deliver within context
of his/her own workstream"This was a small example of going beyond what I
was told to do :) Helping
plan SVO's June Super Friday and helping plan DnA SFO June Meet-up: "May
contribute to office, practice, or Firm building efforts (e.g., recruiting,
learning, practice meetings, Values Day, creating social impact etc.) "These are things my previous PD Kendra put me in
touch withExpertisePeople LeaderPlanned
second team fitness class: "Takes initiative to promote team morale (e.g.,
organizes team events)"I rallied Niki and Shenglan to join me on
morning yoga and future fitness classes (like OrangeTheory!)“Asks
for feedback from team leaders”I set up a 30 minute feedback session with
Shannon by emailing her EA AdamI asked Gaurav for feedback and we had a group
dinner on Monday with Shenglan and Matias


Working with
partners PS: *what do I want the outcome from the partner?



*say all the things
we're going over first (pyramid scheme) so 



Also learned: WORKING WITH PEOPLE, i.e. people communicate peoples' working styles to others so others can work most effectively with them (them being like clients)



Also, if you're asked a question by someone (esp higher up), GIVE AN ANSWER! People don't really want to hear "it depends." Start with the answer and then you can give more context to why/what after that and what caveats/conditions make something one way vs the other.



Beneath each "successful" presentation is a storyline... I think I'll get good at telling stories from this job; we get a lot of practice :)


Listen then say thank you when someone gives you feedback. Take some time to think on it instead of interrupting or speaking back during feedback.



People don't like getting interrupted :)



I need to write down soon my feedback from my manager today!


I'm unreasonable, a lot. And you put up with that.



Never, I never want to lose the way you look at me today.



I am to become a better person so we can be better together.



You give me an inherent security feeling, empowering me to do more in other aspects of my life.


It's Monday September 2nd, 2019... I'm sitting at SFO, gate 69. My hands and wrists are in some discomfort- most likely due to volleyball yesterday.



I had a matcha latte and a shrimp salad and these pea chips, but I still do not have energy.



I wish I'm working out right now. Or I wish I worked out. There's a yoga room right nearby...



These are the things that are stressing me out... I can feel the stress on my shoulders and neck, weighing me down.



I haven't worked out in a while. I like to work out and I need to... I will plan this into my schedule.Today I will work through my finances and submit everything necessary for reimbursement. I will put a time block into my Friday schedules to get this done.I think right now, my body was missing: 1) water. 2) movement.MOVEMENT... How will I get this in this week? I HAVE to.



A. My workout schedule for this week:



Today, I will do some stretching at the yoga room.



Tomorrow Tuesday, I will do EOS at 6am. 



Day after, Wednesday, I will follow a workout and use some weights at the Phoenician gym.



After, Thursday, I will do OrangeTheory (ask Priya?) after work!!!!! 



Friday, Saturday, Sunday I will make sure to hike and get outside! 



B. Life gets stressful when I try too hard for optimization.







C. I would like to get ahead of my workstream... That's what I'll start on today! :D 



D. Amsterdam... I'll write more on this later :) 



E. To do today: create a minimal viable checklist and get some stuff done 



Mom's visit: create a daily breakdown (ugh this isn't that important)To get ahead of my workstream: create a thing to doMiscellaneous: AMSTERDAM! to do today too: done: hitting up people I think are there or from there, left to do: download some hostel stuff



F. Mom's visit. Ultimately, I can do a lot, but also, I can do not that much and it'll all be A-OK.


Date: 9/12-9/16






"take pen" 



Common feedback:



Reduce words






something else I learned at McK


it's smart to tackle things, one or two at a time



anyways my future list of things to work on:



Get ahead on things: Do things "good enough" and send it to the people that need it, BEFORE they ask for it



When I'm off this study I want to:



see a chiropractor! :)do expensesum humREAD!!!!!!plan Europe trip!! 


really pushing thinking....



like, similar to my first case interview:



when people are like "what else?"



being able to keep thinking to be comprehensive


Here are some word snippets during my path to try and figure it out:



 Expectations will be high from the get-go: get data sets and crunch out analysis, prepare PowerPoint slides, talk with clients, etc. It's all the typical stuff that you'll be doing throughout your full tenure. While the team will likely have some understanding that this is your first project, there's a reason you're at McKinsey: you're expected to be incredibly intelligent and get up to speed quickly. 



https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-best-way-to-gain-the-skills-of-a-McKinsey-consultant-without-actually-working-for-them-or-any-other-management-consultant-firm



THIS:





I spent 2 years as a business analyst and for me it all narrows to a feedback culture, no thought-hierarchy and the people you get surrounded by. So get involved in a similar environment nd not only involved, but really help create it with your actions.



Its pretty tiring, but having people question everything you say or argument is really powerful. This would not be of any use though if it would not be meant for growth. People at Mck care about others (most of consultants I got to know at least) and care about end results. This is why people push to get the best out of available data, get to the best conclusions and present them in the best way. If you don't do this, they will not doubt to say this straight forward. One of the cool things is that at problem solvings, everyone has a voice. It's not important if you are a new hire or a senior partner. Everyone gets listened. This culture makes everyone grow quickly. 





I actually think the core skill many consultants have is better described as structuring and communicating. In particular (and apologies for a few buzz words, but consulting wouldn't be complete without it ;)):



Break problems down into MECE components (mutually exclusive, collectively exhaustive)Systematically solve the key components identifiedCombine the results into a consistent "story" But your question is how to learn these skills, and how to appear equally confident at problem solving. This is part mindset, part analytical skill, and part communication, and all of this can be practiced:Practice the mindset and the actual "problem solving" - you can do this on your own, but it's more fun with others...Assume every question is logically solvable, break it down, and come up with an answer. You can do this with real-live situations (e.g., estimate the number of cars currently on the highway when you're stuck in traffic, or the cost this causes through waste of fuel and time), or search the web for any number of case studies (e.g., from HBR) or Fermi-Problems.Practice the communication -Write up or present answers to questions, and try to create a very structured and logical story, aligned to how you broke down the problem in the first place.Try your answers out on others, e.g., by helping solve someone else's problems and presenting your suggestion to them, by sharing with friends, or even by posting on Quora ;).You probably need someone to give you feedback, it's quite hard to evaluate your own communication style.In general, I think scientists, especially maths / physics / CS, find the problem solving aspect easier, while arts students are more comfortable with the "story telling", so depending on your background, you may already have part of the skill-set you are looking for... 



I work on teams of 3-5 consultants to help clients in private, public, and social sectors solve their most difficult problems. As a BA I gather and analyze information, formulate and test hypotheses, and develop and communicate recommendations for clients. This includes working with experts, data scientists and researchers to craft solutions.


see a chiropractorsee a doctor, see a dentist - get understanding of wisdom teeth extractionget the proof of addresses needed to get a CA driver's license!! make changes to credit cards/finances... automate stuff, add deadline to calendars for stuff, oh for credit cards: make sure all my addresses are of SF address now! incl 401k tax reporting, credit card billing address, memorize new zip code? :P , create an excel for tracking!maybe make a budget? use Mint?check expense admittances? file expenses!!reply to flagged emails as needed?get a library card!!! !!!create an excel for friends tracking :) hang out with Peter Woo, Melissa Jin, ...? redfin peepscook? eat healthyread :))))fiction and files under "to read"write :))))talk to Bavna, Martin Harryson, _Mehdi_guy who reached out to me who's in product__, and Lois, to ask about product work!apply for UK visa - tho wait maybe I don't need onedo stuff for OYW: McK words, check-in with Kate, and fb post :)Online courses i.e. cyber securitypick up bike, go on bike ridesmaybe learn Obladi on piano



https://el.lawroom.com/toolbox/#/my-courses







random thought: asking the right questions, perspective of "this/these people don't 'matter'"



furthermore: another think i'm thankful and i love about mcK: people are all so genuinely helpful and want to help each other!! (background premises/themes? of PSes!)






To myself: story of guy who said thanks for the salads that one time. Wow


When life is full, a sequence of positive events continue.



Otherwise, these events seem out of place, and positive intentions are not always seen.



What goes around, goes around.



The small things this morning: Kaleidescope manager? remembers me and my bee sprays :) She's so nice.



I love when beautiful people are nice.



I know the person in Zooks knows my order.



Being kind, can go such a long way.



The person on my elevator had a rugged "medicins san frontieres" patch 



^insert hella hella heart eyes. and he had glasses and was tall, well dressed, great smile, and posture.



Pass on the positivity. Pass on the energy,


Busy is not an excuse.



As these docs say: "You'll get busy. Really busy. The power of the Frim is in it's people - the more you invest in each of your relationships, the more you'll gain - now and over time"



Furthermore, on scheduling feedback with leadership: It's part of their role to help you. And feedback is one of those ways. People are always busy.



And on/for me: I now vow to stop saying "things are busy" when people ask how things are going.



Also I'm working on breathing. Don't make others feel a certain way when I'm not dealing with life/death situations. Perspective, remember?


On sugar



I had a lot of sugar via figs and watermelon.



Even though they're "natural," this has definitely increased my appetite for sugar. I.e. last night's mochis. Today's indulgence into donuts.



Maybe also yesterday's cold brew latte!



==



On sleep



I wasted 1-2 hours this morning. If I had slept earlier, I would've been more productive in the morning. Perhaps.



==



On exercise



I chose not to workout this morning (big part was sleeping late - and not really being able to "sleep in"), and immediately at work and leaving the hotel, felt the regret of not working out. Working out improves my energy levels, metabolism throughout the day, concentration, happiness (+ I wash my hair in the morning which just makes me feel good), confidence (correlated), and posture!


Perspective. Comes with practice. Anchored in what SS said when I pitched for 54 as a freshman. Another ex: learning that SB was no where as senior as the leadership that I thought he was/that we're to pitch at. Remember SS's words, "this doesn't matter"



Ownership: leveraging others, taking action/"entrepreneurship" when I see inefficiencies. So that my personal output can be that of more than just me.



Keep people in the loop: keeping others updated 1) keeps me more on top of their mind, 2) increases trust... twas learned to do this so others aren't pressuring and causing stress by asking for thing, ALSO: doing and delivering things before being asked is a A+



PUT THE TIME IN NOW to get more efficient, faster. PPT shortcuts. Excel shortcuts. **PRINT THEM OUT AND TAPE ON MY COMPUTER. Can cycle through these too. Excel goal: get to the point where I don't need to use a mouse.



Also future stuff, remember that the LAST weeks are of the most memorable to people. So in future, treat things as a marathon. Do well in the beginning , like standard , BUT summon the effort to put in towards the end!



Appearance: *track calories (maybe), eat mindfully, DRESS WELL (get clothes tailored?), shower and blow dry hair after morning workouts, HAVE IMPECCABLE POSTURE



Writing with better handwriting... also kind of appearance. Also: being organized, i.e. my charging cables wrapped up.


i.e: someone told me they'd give me a list of expedited status programs; someone told me they'd give me an intro to someone from McK who went to Africa....







Also learned: Manage up.. what that looks like






Thoughts on me @ my next study at McKinsey:



Thoughts on my priorities in the interim (focusing on next week): 9/23-9/27







Some things learned:



Make a good people impression: treat every opportunity to be so



On friendships:



incl McK friendships!! trips... how/what will they become?


Freaking get ahead of everythingDo more than neededCommunicate as soon as something is in the way of me getting ahead of something


To read:



The Rosie ProjectBeing There Homegoing Little Fires Everywhere (backlogged for 2020)Le Vieux Qui Ne Voulait Pas Fêter Son Anniversaire (this will also be in my backlog for 2020)



Have read: (@me to populate this later)


being at starbucks by 8am



having a 200cal quest bar



this place is v conducive to work i think


A) I'm procrastinating right now.



B) I shouldn't be.



C) From A) and B), I should be doing something else right now... And I know exactly what those are.



D) Breathing deeply with music, with freedom.



E) Freedom for me means my body can move. My body feels beautiful, there is freedom in what I wear, that I can run if I feel like it, yell if I so please, contort and flow my limbs to the feeling of the world.



F) When my mom asked how my childhood/upbringing affects me, like how I described it for Angela, I don't know if she knew that my answer to that would've been straight forward in terms of who *I* want to become and who I don't want to become because of her. Moreso than the guy I want to be with because of my dad... That part was learned from what I don't know. 



G) Jordan is a part of my family



H) I dislike when my mom asks a question but isn't really listening and I think asks because she wants to answer the same question to me. But I need to think of it from her point of view... where I don't think she has a lot of people to talk to. And I need to be more patient. Because with friendships, it's not just talking and listening when I want to, it's also about the other person.



I) I need to treat Jordan better. I don't know why, sometimes I just get annoyed by the smallest things and I treat him *worse* than how I treat my friends. WHY oh why do I treat the people closest to me worse.



J) I am beyond thankful 3 



K) The longer I put something off, the harder it becomes to do... I'll just get started. From now until 10AM: expenses. *FINANCES DAY TODAY



then: Girls on the Run stuff?



then: OYW stuff?


Me in 5 years:



Remember my priority in these next 5 years: Personal growth.



I'll draw out who I think I'll be in the next 5 years :)



Me in a year:



Financially, I'd like to have 100k net worth. I think I'm around 40k right now. So this is reasonable if I continue frugality. 



I'll continue to minimize my expenses. Here's what I'm thinking: 




Rent max budget: $500/month - $6000/year (incl gas/electricity/wifi/utilities/water) 



Transportation budget: this is really depending, but perhaps average is $5/day *365 = $1825/year (mostly biking, using some of J's transportation credit, my own credit from travel rewards, incl gas for car?)



Friends budget*: $50/week = $2600/year



Date budget**: $50/week = $2600/year



Learning/self-investment budget: $20/week = $1040/year



Food budget: average $50/week = $2600/year



Emergency (i.e. medical) expenses: TBD... maybe budget $500/year for this



Total budgeted expenses: $17,165/year



Expected income: ($85k + $5k(?) bonus + $8k housing)*0.7 = ~$68k/year



Total ideal savings: ~50k (51k but putting another 1k for expense slack)




*Friends budget incl gifts and rolls over to friends trips if I don't use it during a certain week :)



**Date budget incl gifts and rolls over to date trips if I don't use it during a certain week :)



Thought on the above budget: I'm pretty happy with those numbers. I 



Thought/ maybe insight: a lot of this all is maintenance. I have some good habits and instead of creating new ones, progress compounds with maintaining current habits.



Thought: 50k/year savings - *4 years = 200k+ in savings..., which would put me in a good place to pay in full my grad school education; if that makes sense....



Goals for $: Increase income streams to be able to make $85k (in 2019 worth)/year outside of my job.



Moderate $ (my savings):



Maybe help my parents with my sister's college tuition (if she doesn't get a great financial deal already)I already have enough $ to take risks... i.e. work on a start-up, i.e. work on any job I think I'd like to, i.e. go to grad school. Actually freedom in general; I don't need to go to grad school. Instead, I'd like to experience different worlds, i.e. working in Asia and Africa :) I need to improve my Chinese in an immersion-type program.Therefore, I believe that I should invest more $ and time into self-development... Because that'll add the most long-term value, compared to everything else. That's the most important thing for me.



More $ (if I make more $, thus more savings tho):



Tbh I think my parents are fine... But it'd be cool to thank them. Maybe sponsor a family vacation every year?


V = verbally agreed with certain parties



We will make sure you have your exclusive corporate package in your account within the next 48 hours. - btw hopefully I'll have this in my account to get a free "first" barry's class soon!! 



List created 10/07/2019



Baking with taco, simon, ___ at simon's place in oaklandoakland day? - visit and hang with Shreya in berkeley! moma day with vignesh + his friends + simon's gfmaybe cooking with Brandon + friendsmaybe campfire on beach! ! (people's bdays near mine: Sally (?) oct 29!, vick? (oct 28), shannon + angela (early oct, passed but still!), and someone else?)


give firstdelight others quality  quantity (1 incredible impression or memory can be FAR more impactful than numerous mediocre ones)helps prioritization and accordingly, expenditure of energyseek to go out of my way to create delightful experiencesadd value in who I am my energy levels, my positivity, express appreciation, transfer unexpected gifts; be net positive! all of this is possible through an abundance mentality! 






thinking before speakingasking whyrisks/next stepscreative problem solving: continuously asking what else... being creative, being MECEsynthesis!!!confidence; personableness - relating to others, having energy; tone of voice; posture; firm handshake; eye contact; etc.


Why: because having these checklists has led to effective results in the past



Brainstorm first, then prioritize/order:



*idea: show struggle in some, specific regards in beginning to have a growth story; make sure those specific regards are mentioned and then accordingly, measurably improved on... people value things more when they see the struggle (i.e. story of Jordan's opinion of favorite climbs :) when we went bouldering... possibly write on that later?)







Ask yourself two questions: What have I/we learned (insights)? What should I/we do next (implications)? Remember, a good synthesis consists of these two key elements.



Writing update emails to EDs/EMs/teammates: with "so-whats", synthesis!



Synthesizing a complex conversation: In a meeting where you may not have advanced content knowledge, pulling together the group’s thinking into a synthesis, is a great way to add value.



Context setting, incl purpose of meetings, at the start of PSes



(BTW:  a good synthesis shares a perspective on the data and pushes the team’s thinking forward, so share your insight and what you think the client should do about it. )



Over-delivery/ integrity! ! - Delivering what I say I will, at the time I say I will, at a high standard quality



Transparent communication: *communicating i.e. "story points" of how long I think each task will take... possibly getting smarter by asking for tips on if tasks are more or less reasonable ?



Reminder on problem-solving: I've noticed I often grab something and try to tackle it immediately to solve... however, a better method is to take a step back, at what the bigger picture is, and bring everyone there too



in some other words: "Going about things in a broader view first to make sure we capture everything and can prioritize and justify what we do and do not do, BEFORE just taking something I hear and running with it (going into the weeds to try and tackle a solution without analysis of other factors too)"



power of stories...







 


on feminine impact:



Deepen your understanding of why feminine values (such as sharing power, relatedness, empathy, intuition, receptivity, nurturing and appreciation) are essential to great leadership -- and therefore, social impact.Learn a powerful framework to help you navigate complexity and bring more wholeness to your leadership.






The following topics give me energy:



Future concepts of real estateFuture of consumer interaction with food systems


To read:



The Rosie ProjectBeing There Homegoing Little Fires Everywhere (backlogged for 2020)Le Vieux Qui Ne Voulait Pas Fêter Son Anniversaire (this will also be in my backlog for 2020)



Have read: (@me to populate this later)


To read:



The Rosie ProjectBeing There Homegoing Little Fires Everywhere (backlogged for 2020)Le Vieux Qui Ne Voulait Pas Fêter Son Anniversaire (this will also be in my backlog for 2020)



Have read: (@me to populate this later)


It hit me. I'm exploring the beaches of northern Spain with breath-taking views of sweeping mountains and delicious, affordable pinxtos for each meal. I'm visiting friends in London and then attending the freaking OneYoungWorld conference where I'll meet INCREDIBLE-Y amazing and awesome people! The conference including flights are covered by McKinsey. 



And still... 



I felt FOMO while on my computer and phones (ugh having 2 - actually 3 or 4, but I just need 2 on me in Europe now - phones is a dumb first world problem) because:



There's a McK Napa trip for new hires! with extra spaces for people including SOs!!Maybe hanging out with friends? i.e. Avalon/poker grouphaha yeah I think that may be it! When I write these down, it doesn't feel like anything 



I realized that all these things are new information I hadn't accounted for prior... For example, I know there is a SVO Super Friday celebration with churro and something else carts and a breakfast with founder of TaskRabbit (she seems so cool!!) and flu shots and a national coming out celebration and halloween parties!! incl trivia cames, etc. and Girls on the Run session 3. I think maybe because I don't really care about all of those; OR because I knew about all those, I don't feel fomo... But MAYBE if something special happened at the GOTR session 3 that I learn about later, I may feel some post-fomo. Interesting how life is ya know. - ok maybe I'll revise these words.



Sincere-as-I-try-to-be,



Kat



10/18/2019


Japanese words for:



books you buy but don't read (tho i'm getting better at this!!)***when you think of something to say after the fact (i'm also so getting better at this)



Norwegian:



Feeling when one climbs a high mountain (and is at the top)



Basque: Xirimiri - a very light rain (pronounced shirimiri) 



I learned about this word while I was in Bilbao experiencing this. It was the most pleasant light rain I've been in.



Source:  https://www.thelocal.es/20160520/ten-unique-basque-words-you-need-to-learn-basque-country-language-languages 


Tomorrow morning to do:



Pack my underwear, 



To get/have gotten:



Chocolates from Spain for Rebecca's family!! :)



Get chocolates from London for Aunt Laura when I'm back :)



Get chocolates or something similar from London for roommates when I'm back :)



Get something for Nicole, Jordan, and Mom and Dad during my trip to Londres!!! 



==



Maybe to give: a few of the larger pieces of Reese's to my airbnb family



Next time: COUCH-SURF yo!!!!!!!! idk, I feel like my $ is also helping this family , so. That can be a win-win.







==







==



other random thoughts:



From FB post "‎Sundae Knight‎toWomen’s Personal Finance (Women On FIRE)": What is the cost of a kid /year?



 If you have a healthy, normal kid, big if there, nothing has to cost much except:1. DAYCARE or NANNY (or giving up one parent’s work/retirement contributions and future SS benefits)2. COLLEGE if you choose to save for it.Everything else is peanuts in comparison. Even adding multiple kids to insurance is cheaper than adding a spouse. 



and:



Daycare alone for us right now is 14k for one per year. And we have a bargain deal using a lovely in-home daycare. I don't keep track of anything after that. Everything else is chump change compared to daycare.



^yes like 80-20 rule! same with me now with my biggest costs (rent - but it's not that much!)



another answer:



 The first year isn't as expensive, unless you do childcare. It's once they start growing like a weed, when they outgrow the clothes you got at the shower, they want to sign up for clubs/sports, and you want to do enrichment activities with them. There's ways to keep the cost down of course. As someone said, they are as expensive as you want them to be.If you're able to breastfeed and cloth diaper it cuts the cost down quite a bit. 



lol I feel like I can write this:  https://www.frugalwoods.com/2019/02/15/how-i-saved-tons-of-money-during-my-babys-first-year/?fbclid=IwAR1zhER-bVullq9_KEitr7JDtyL0uG0JRyjmpV_dKXfdS9GynbtZxOqq6Kg 



Also I feel like I can write one on frugal living in SF, in college (maybe done but I may still have tips from my own exp!), while traveling, on wedding, etc. etc.!! And acknowledge a lot of privilege where others may not be able to duplicate.. i.e. often knowing people/things/getting scholarships to in state school, etc. etc.



==



Oh yeah shoot, OneYoungWorld-London tracking:



Do some prep work tomorrow!! 



People I meet tracking 



My personal goals / what I want to get out of it all



Maybe video-ing? (have a specific goal)



Have a specific goal for my homelessness initiative.



Hahah good thing I AirBnb'ed just 1 night... otherwise it's like the same price of a hotel in a great location in London!!! Is also the price of two nights in a hostel in London. bum bum done. Make the best of it all, learn from it! I.e. plan couchsurfing earlier on ? (ramp up my couchsurfing profile if so?) Oh totally: also book hostels earlier on if that's my plan



==



Thoughts on Bilbao:



I like it here a lot... Similar to France / Paris in many many ways



==



THOUGHT! I'm so thankful to have gotten an airbnb for this night... It's the only time I'll have truly just my own space (a closed door that I choose when is open) during my two weeks... 


Bike around islands of Azores 


Also true: I don't know if I should be focused... There are times to be focused and times to be exploratory. As said well once by A.K.



P.S. Financial goals breakdown:



For family (who?? maybe my sister's college funds aka thus helping my parents so they can focus more on retirement $?): $60k/year... So maybe my goal is to help sponsor her last 2 years: I'll need to save $120k in 6 years... Meaning about $20k/year... tho I may not be working for 6 years? ! Hm, either way, I think saving $20k/year for a family fund makes sense.For self: nada... I have my $20k from UIUC funds which I plan to use for living expenses when I start on my own thing! I may have used $2k? of it during Watson.For now self-investments: clothingskin caregym? 



Some things learned from OYW this time around:



I still don't want to have the platform where I'm "stuck" speaking to the public about the same things... I think press can be pretty ughI have this idea of changing news? making a website with a map with one highlighted cause per continent; to have people aligned on it. AND to showcase immense positivity... totally needed in this world 3 






First, appreciation and noting down where I am now and how far I've come. One reason is to not regress on my progress. Because each time I add something, it should not be to distract from other things.



mostly clean eating + drinking a lot of watergood sleeping habits *prioritizing sleep, saying no to some things for self care)face skin care (for the most part) **washing face, moisturizing, sunscreendental hygiene (flossing, brushing)working out (~3x/week + activity over the weekend; even morning 10 minute routines)dressing well (for the most part)



I'm mostly focused:



doing well at my jobimproving my bodystaying connected in my social lifethat's it! later on: establish relationships with real estate agents to find investment properties? I have my dad looking for places for me right now in Chicago area... possibly expand to other areas like Minneapolis, Denver, Phoenix. I do think I would need more market research on this.



Next steps (in mostly order):



hair: clippluck/thread my eyebrowslip balm face spray, i.e. on airplanes https://shoprescuespa.com/l-eauxygenante-2.html wash face with the wipes? (night time post make-up)use eyebrow penciluse that thing emily has, that's like lip balm + color and blush?mascarafor special-er occasions: lipstick, maybe foundation-like thing, eye-shadow (this is prob last and p extreme for me), earrings?






Thank you for sticking by me. That's a choice.I want to become the best version of myself, for you.All that I expect from you, I will expect from myself first.






All of this is fragile. Given some sort of certainty, I need to maximize these times.



LIMIT PHONE AND ELECTRONIC USE!!!! It's not good for my mental health to spend too much time on social media... Which I have been. It's not good for my physical health (i.e. posture, eye-sight) to spend too much time on electronics.I'm writing too many drafts of random blog posts. My problems are non-problems.Write one more article today. Then link dumps, then that's it.






exercise everydaysugar cleanse :)))get perfume samplesshape eyebrows



Backlog of room cleaning:



THIS CAN BE SO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!!!!



Backlog of clothes/dress:



Evolve as needed.



Backlog of makeup:



hum... 


Make time for the following "essentials" for my personal optimal performance:



8 hours of sleeplimit caffeine after ~3pm



Night routine:



wash and moisturize facepick out outfit for next day :D 


Btw WP should have a feature to auto save drafts offline!! I’ve lost another one. Not that the thought may have poignant anyways. 



Lessons in empathy: 



Best ways imo 1) first hand experience 2) knowing someone who becomes close to you due to other factors beyond the empathy one and then you learn about the empathy situation ; so you don’t have preassumptions on them , and are invested as a friend already 



Through both, the way to go about is: experiencing more of the world, being open minded 


Great ideas there:



txakolina wine (from basque region) was delicious... light, white, yum



itsu (and wasabi and coco di mama -italian to go- and more)... fast, delicious, nutritious, hip, warm, affordable foods



clarks -  https://www.clarks.co.uk/c/Chia-Violet/p/26142946  - I got these for 50% off - I love them!! 


 consultants excel at piecing together bits and pieces of data until it starts forming an outline of a story. Clients are often surprised to see how comprehensive and seemingly authoritative the end results can be.  



Consultants are supposed to be the best of the best... it's WHY clients pay so much money for them. Which is also why I need to act more with confidence and such. Act like I own it. Because I do. Instead of my current / prior (humility that's detrimental in this case) mentality of: I'm anyone, anyone can have this job.



Also, remember what the client is paying for. Deliverable of all the $, time, and work is a powerpoint presentation. 







==



Making decisions under uncertainty:



At the beginning of any new client engagement, we were expected to develop a “Day One Hypothesis.” Based on the high-level facts that we had learned within the first 24 hours of the project, we were forced to develop an early hypothesis of what the solution to the client’s problem was.



How you develop your hypothesis is a combination of good problem solving skills, pattern matching, and intuition. We were also often encouraged to “get smart” about a particular area by reading 3rd-party analyst research, or interviewing industry experts. But the expectation was that within your first day on the project, you should come up with your early hypothesis about the right decision to make. Then, you can always gather additional data to refine your hypothesis over time. You should be open to changing your hypothesis as you gather additional data, but you should start out with a hypothesis on Day One.



 The reason why this approach is helpful is that after Day One, you always have a decision that you can stand behind at any point in time. You may try to gather additional data, but based on the data that you have already reviewed at that point in time, your current hypothesis is your current decision. This approach works best when you don’t know how much time you have to make a decision, but you could be called on at any time to make it. 



Source:  https://medium.com/lessons-from-mckinsey/making-decisions-under-uncertainty-c1d1dfbb02b2 



^woot I did that with AiFi! :)



^however, I didn't do that on my first engagement. I realized... when more senior colleagues asked me what I thought would be the "right" model out of the choices I was creating, I said stuff along the lines of "I don't know", "well given X, it would be X2, but given Y, it would be Y2", ETC. The right answer, as I saw RB do, is to give an answer. This will also structure my approach and thinking in my workstream. The bolded text above articulates an amazing reason why.



-strive to have the right direction (i.e. +, neutral, -) and right magnitude (i.e. 1M, 10M)



What do you have to believe?



^I did that in my last engagement too! Awesome tool. 



Writing clarifies thinking:



@Me: practice dot dashes!



Framing. Some important framing questions include:



What is the problem we are trying to solve?Why is this an urgent problem for us to solve? Why now? What happens if we don’t solve this problem?What are the important issues that you think deserve the most attention?What are the goals of our solution?What is in scope for the problem? What’s explicitly NOT in scope?



 Synthesis is summary plus insight. Anyone can summarize data, but synthesizing requires you to interpret the data and understand what it is actually telling you. Writing down your ideas and arguments will hopefully get you thinking more about what the impact of the data is, rather than just summarizing it. 



This also makes so much sense:



With limited words and space in your document, the act of writing forces you to make your argument more concise and persuasive.Writing will cause you to internalize your argument. The next time someone asks you about your idea, you will have your talking points ready and you will sound very structured when you communicate.You have potentially created a work product (Google doc, presentation) that can now be easily shared.



As you get into the writing habit, the next step is to push yourself to sharpen your language. Edit down your language to make every word count. This will take your writing—and thinking—to the next level. You can even ask for feedback from your colleagues or friends who have good writing skills and an eye for editing.



Finally, be prepared to write stuff that doesn’t see the light of day with others. I firmly believe that even the process of writing will help you develop your thinking, and even if you don’t actually share the document with anyone else, you will be more confident in your own thinking.



^on that last paragraph, I believe this is why I feel like I grow in certainty of myself each time I go through a big application (i.e. scholarships, college, etc)



Communication strategies:



 effective communications separates leaders from the pack. And it’s something that one can continually work on to improve. Over the years I’ve read a number of books on communications such as books on writing, storyboards, logic, presentation construction, visual design, and verbal delivery 



Problem solving with heuristics? 



Frameworks / structuring:



Frameworks give you freedom



When you have the outline of something – presentation, argument, journey – it liberates your mind to focus on the details without the fear that you will wander too far off the path. You know the boundaries. Consultants don’t necessarily know the answer, but they often know where to look.



Clients are notoriously bad at this



Clients often know the answers. They often have trouble putting words around it, backing it up with data, and simplifying the complex into a comprehensive narrative. Simply put, they cannot tell a story.



Like a trunk of a tree, look for the thick branches that support all the smaller limbs, leaves, flowers and fruit. Call it a framework, paradigm, skeleton, straw-man, storyboard, or template. It will keep you out of trouble and often help you find your way. Group your ideas and continually distill your thinking until it is 80 proof. Use MECE to tell a clean story that makes sense to executives and makes your client look great.



BTW high level consulting ppt templates:



link:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2015/12/11/consulting-templates/ 



ALSO TO WORK ON:



creating excel models:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2012/11/13/good-excel/ 



amazing breakdown:







Some excel pointers to add on to my excel sheet:



 Keep the data separate and clean (no subtotals, no blank columns between data) 



Reference the same source cells (so that 1 change affects everything) 



" The goal here is to make the model both easy-to-use and also easy-to-audit. After spending 40-50 hours putting this monster together, spend a little time cleaning it up. You don’t want half-baked, left-over calculations everywhere. "



^more reasons I need to complete my things... I think another key is to give myself deadlines. And to complete things within the deadlines.



Client-ready:



-what this means, in terms of my work and in terms of my persona... i.e. probably when I was sitting on the ground at the client site and the client walked in and GS was like get up XD



on excel:



 Create a dashboard on the first page that shows all the major metrics and status. Ideally, this is the only thing they look at because it is so comprehensive 



 A client-facing excel model is like a yacht. It has all the bells and whistles and is very refined. A lot of the models made by investment bankers or valuation specialists are like this. Each font color has a different meaning (e.g., black = input, blue = calculation), and the excels are formatted for easy navigation without a mouse. Note: investment banking analysts pride themselves on the fact that they don’t use a mouse. All keyboard. 



^yup learned about the keyboard, no mouse thing from my last study :P



More tips:



Document the assumptions (data sources, links etc) so it is easy to auditTake out unnecessary data sheets or things unrelated to the model. Just like an appendix of a book, put all the boring data tables and reference stuff in the backIf you have analyses (charts, tables), put them in the front of the workbook



On gathering data / how clients' data often is:



 So, as odd as it sounds. . . consultants need to be thankful that the client’s data is usually a mess. It means more work, projects, billing and money. 



 Good data is hard to find.In my experience, the larger, the more geographically dispersed, and the older the company = the messier the data. 



^this reminds me of my final ISE senior project... We did this kind of for P Investors



XD interesting stories:



On my first consulting project, I spend several late nights alone typing shipping data from paper invoices into an excel spreadsheetJust a few months ago, we consolidated data from 60+ separate emails into one excel. How can you look at trend data when it is sitting in 60 daily reports?



Ask any analyst, and they will have their own hazing story of collecting data in some manual and crazy way. As long as companies don’t take the time or the effort to do this, they will continue to pay $$$$ / hour for this mundane task to get done.



Here's a theme I've heard in org / agile studies: " Figure out clear roles / responsibilities.Who’s job is it anyways? If it is everyone’s job, then in effect, it is no one’s job. "



v insightful!:



Lack of data requires consultant creativity.Sometimes, consultants have to uncover, create, cleanse, triangulate or even create data to answer key questions. Creativity is needed here. It is also a great way to “wow” the client.



Creating data is not sketchy or unethical. Some of consulting tools used to find new data include: surveys, interviews, focus groups, workshops, financial comparisons, observations, estimates, simulations, business models, benchmarks, maturity models, and others. More on surveys in the next post.



On how to dig deeper into data:



 Analysis: Get off the couch and dig deeper into the data. Link it to other data, group it differently, run regression, look for outliers, find the “a ha” insight 



--



More explanations of this job:



 “Oh, you are so good making pretty presentations.” I have heard this more than once and it drives me a little crazy. The “pretty” part of the presentation is the equivalent of choosing the garnish for a plate of pasta, or the jacket design for a book. Are clients paying $250-$500 per billable hour for presentation jockeys? Doubt it. 



 the end result is a presentation. There is no glory in showing the client all the gory details.  You need to really boil it down to its essence. Apply the 80/20 principle, and give the client only the good stuff.  Harvard Business School essays have a limit of 400 words, which is damn tough to do. 



 Often times, the executive sponsor of a project will really only commit 10-12 hours of total time for a 4 month project. The client project lead will be working with you on a day-to-day basis, but you have to remember that executives are short on time, and long on opinion.  - this makes sense when I look back on my FM proj



This makes a lot of sense to me too:



As a consultant, being mindful of articulating a view so that client can articulate it to their stakeholders... coaching them through it... " Often times, pieces and parts of the presentation are used by the client to “sell” the recommendation to other people – the boss, peers and others. "



Woot these are visual tools (aka archetype frameworks) that I got to work with in my project:



Stage-gate process – narrowing down of options, projects, investment ideasPhases of a project– start, middle, and endVenn diagram – the overlap of 2 distinct thingsS curve– the evolution, growth, and plateau of a function2 x 2 matrix – simple X vs. Y axis







Reason why: Graphs, tables, lists, groups, diagrams all help to convey a lot of information in a concise way. Each of the shapes below can help convey meaning.   



At compiling presentations:



 Most people are terrible at it.  



"Full of text, no narrative, no takeaway. They are essentially a compilation of facts, or a copy/paste from a document.



Big win for consultants. As long as people are crappy at distilling complex problems into easy-to-follow, logical recommendations that are easily communicated to executives."



THUS to do in my presentations:



visual, yes narrative, yes takeawayinsightful, not just a compilation of factseasy-to-follow, logical recommendations that are easily communicated to execs (boiled from a complex problem)



==



interesting things learned about mck:



What many people don’t know is that prior to 2009, McKinsey printed most of their client charts in black and white. Color and graphics can help, but are not required. Unsurprisingly, content is king. 



 McKinsey idea is that each slide and/or graph makes 1 point. Ergo, graphs should be simple and as “in your face” obvious as possible. 



Also each slide should be able to stand on it's own.



==



ppt tips:



source:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2012/04/30/ppt/ 



Great reminders! incl: *use of a red box to highlight something



 Appendix: Don’t fall in love with your work. If the slide is informative, but does not have a compelling point. . . worst case, move it to the appendix.  (informative slides without so-what often are in appendix!)



this makes sense, on ownership - when I own a doc, this is what I have to do!



 Combine the pieces, and the final 20% should be done by one person.  In the final days, hours of the presentation. . . 1 person needs to be accountable and take ownership. All the words, shapes, colors, font needs to be standardized and smoothed out. Sadly, it is a 1-person job. 



==



@me on my next study:



 Get a team mate to proof read, get it close to perfect - do ask teammates for feedback if I'm nervous or not sure it'll be 100% 



---



In the future, I may pursue this: Walk with client back to their office after a meeting! (I have seen my senior colleagues do this... walking with a client to continue talking after a meeting... sometimes taking time before a meeting too to just chat... makes environment funner and better)



Clearly, some of the best conversations you have with clients are the ones on the way back from meetings. Trust me on this one, when a meeting finishes, ask your client if it is okay to walk them back to their office. Walk and talk.



You have their dedicated attention, even if only for 5 minutesIt is authentic and personal; it’s how friends and colleagues relate to each otherIt is often a great follow-up to the meeting you just finished



Often, the key things you want to say to a client are personal, and can easily be conveyed in a few minutes in an informal setting. It does not deserve an email, phone call or a meeting. Walk them back to their office.



A fewother ways to have impactful, and brief interactions with clients:



Share a coffee or a meal togetherOffer to help with a simple task (create graph, draft a communication)Send over an analyst report or benchmark studyType up meeting minutes, or interview notes and send overConnect your current client with other people in your network



===



Soft skills for working with clients:



Saving face: don't disagree with client in front of others



- It’s a very Asian business culture concept of harmony, and it is super-applicable to consultants.  - interesting!



Some phrases to use in a kind way to get to same purpose:



In my experience. . .Maybe it is just me, but. .Yes, I agree, AND. . .Makes sense, do you think that its possible that. .  



Also these reccs are super great:



Recommendation:



Win-win.Build on the analysis that your client has already doneEmphasizethe headwinds:Make it clear that the current problems have many factors (of which some / many) are out of the client’s controlGain trust early.The sooner that you gain the client’s trust andbecome an adviser, the sooner you can push-back appropriately.Ask for feedback too. Ask the client what areas you can improve and get better. They should not be theonly ones who improve.Let your clients present. Don’t take credit. Let your clients present the results to their boss. Make them the heroes.






Communicate, if I were to hire for a PM, one thing most important is alignment with mission and long-term thinking. Because that stands out. A PM that is in it for the long run... to see through the impact years down of actions today.


Try food places:



Eki Kitchen - Nigerian food



Do outdoorsy things:



Paradise Loop - bike this!



Big Sur - road trip here!



Lake Merced Trail - run this loop


possible list of more links to read:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/skills/ 



Tactical tips from default choices:



#4. In sales, use the assumptive close.A well-known, and proven tactic in closing the sale with a client is called the “assumptive close.” It goes like this.



You have vetted the client, know their needs, and believe in good conscience that your product/service is needed. The client is hesitant or just indecisive. Judging on the situation and your selling style, just proceed as if they agreed to buy. Essentially, you are giving them the default choice of buying from you – unless they tell you otherwise.



As strange as it sounds, it works. In a previous life, I was a stockbroker and there is nothing as raw as selling stocks. “Mr. Smith, sounds like this is a good fit for you, and you are interested in XYZ. I will put you down for 100 shares at the market price, okay?”



#5. Beware of default choices.As a consultant, a good part of your job is to see past the default choices that the client’s organization has convinced itself of over the last 50 years. They have oral history, precedents, and institutional memory. Things we hear:



“We can’t do that, we tried that before” [default choice]“They VP will never agree to that” [default choice]“We have never done that type of project before” [default choice]



--



love this: Viewing career at a company as a S-curve:



Considerations when joining a new company:  Where is the group in its S-curve?  The same life-cycle question applies to companies and groups.  If you are joining a start up within a large established company, which culture is going to be more important to you?  Stability and process? Newness and ambiguity?  How big is the group, is it growing or shrinking?  How does the group map up to the C-suite (operations, finance, marketing, sales, HR)?What’s the context of the company vs. their competitor? 



Point for self if I become a EM:



Timing is important. Choose your battles. How much you correct depends on depth of the relationship, urgency of the deliverable, and basically, your mood:



With 1 week before the deliverable, there is enough time to “rev” the document several times, each time, layering on feedback until they take a hintNight before a deliverable, you have to be blunt, and get the changes made; take over the work if you have to, make it learning by example



my takeaway from this image is: all the black words are needed to have a conducive coaching environment



v important pt I think: being likeable:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2014/06/02/likable/ 



WHY: Unless the client can connect with you – intellectually, emotionally, or otherwise – you are just another salesperson peddling product.  As a consultant, one of your most important jobs right out of the gates is to have a connection, create some common ground.  Give them a reason to like you, make it easy to build rapport quickly. Ultimately, be yourself. 



the HOW:



Be competent.  Know your stuff. Be useful.  Be a resource for other people.  In a business setting, if you are not competent. . . well, nothing really to like.Be dependable.  Keep your promises to your client and your team.  In a maturity model of professionalism, this is level 0, the ground floor.  Not dependable = fail.Slow down.  We are so busy that we constantly multi-task and sometimes do things poorly.  In an effort to get things “off our plate” we cut corners, don’t listen, and run roughshod over people.  When you are fast (but sloppy), it’s hard to be sure of the quality of the work.  I tell consultants to “stay frosty” and self-aware.Give.  Realize that life is not about you. (deep Rick Warren thought). Give your time, your energy, your passion, and your empathy to others.  Ask the question, “Is there anything I can do to help you with your work?Be self-deprecating.  This is a big SAT word, but basically be willing to make fun of yourself, when needed.  It is disarming, and vulnerable.  It shows that we are all not perfect, and lowers everyone’s guard.Think relationships.  Think in terms of people, not transactions.  Put yourself in their shoes.  Realize that clients have a “day job” and are not fully dedicated to the project like your and your team are.  Ask for help, rather than demanding it.Be easy to understand.  It’s no surprise that people tend to like people who are like themselves – in speaking pattern, disposition, educational background etc.  For all the talk of diversity, most people are surprisingly socially insular.  As such, make it easy for people to “get what you are saying.” Write simple and direct emails. Mirror your clients’ speaking style.  If they speak slowly and quietly, you won’t be a likable character if you come in speaking quickly and raising your voice.  Be yourself, but apply different communication styles when needed.Be yourself. It’s a crazy competitive world, and the gap in quality (actual and perceived) keeps shrinking.  Unsurprisingly, there are lots of vendors, products, and people who can solve your client or prospects’ problems.   That said, you are unique, and that is appealing.  Be the best you there is.



another few words on building rapport quickly: 



Why it's important: fundamentally, people like to help people (not just another person in a suit).



What: 



Rapport:Being able to build rapport quickly is a huge asset. It’s a mix of friendliness, approachability, optimism, courtesy, and likeability. You become a magnet. Essentially, people are attracted to you. You become worthy of their attention, time, and effort. I think there is a correlation between consultants and good looks, but I am biased.



Example:On my first project, I failed in the task of getting some data from the client. The administrator said it could not be done. My manager went into that admin’s office, talked about sports for 20 minutes, and got the data as if had been lying on the desk.



In consulting, it is a combination of hard and soft skills.  The hard skills are easy to test for, the soft-skills are less apparent.  If your new hire cannot build rapport . . . you have a problem. 



How:



Be respectful.This sounds old-fashioned, I know, but few people have manners today. If you are courteous and respectful, people will pay attention to you.Be humble.Admit you need help. Be self-deprecating. Be willing to make fun of yourself. Give them the opportunity to help you. It is disarming.Be fun.Apply a little bit of humor. Take the edge off. Have fun. The government worker I had some good banter. He made my day, but I made his too.Be relevant.Find connection points. See how the local sports team did last night. Talk about food, travel, sports, children or things important to you.Be yourself.Don’t fake niceness. Don’t try to schmooze your way into their heart. One absolute rule about clients: they know when you are lying.



=



Whoa I like this:



In this week’s Fortune magazine,Ben and Jerry’s co-founderstalked about their 30+ year working relationship and had some good advice. Jerry Greenfield said:



“Our basic agreement was that the person who felt more strongly about the particular issue got their way,”



^published in a separate post :)



also from that source ( http://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/05/05/6-reasons-why-consultants-are-revision-crazy/ ), it mentions all the stakeholders that need to be aligned on a deliverable... which makes sense now how partners needed to see everything.



Great list on what to proofread!



link:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2015/08/22/consultants-are-serious-proof-readers/ , prob biggest takeaway:  Style:  Good writing is direct.  Take out superfluous, flowery, or deliberately vague consulting-y language.  For a list of cheesy consulting words look here. 



I did learn this too:



Explain it as if you were speaking to a kid.This is the most common piece of advice I give to junior consultants who make PowerPoint slides. Explain this 1 page as if you were explaining it to your nephew, cousin or husband. Whatare you trying to say (insimple words, and simple sentences).



Too often, consultants can verbally explain it to you clearly in 90 seconds, but oddly, none of those wonderfully clear, basic words are on the page. As a result, I tell them to blow up the PowerPoint slide, and re-do it with the words they just told me verbally.



=



XD We had our own jargon and acrynoms, the website mentions:  Scientific wild-ass guess (SWAG)



=



Great McK tip:



 Train your eye. Look through business magazines, research papers, and presentations to look for good graphs, tables, and charts. All consultants need to know what good looks like. One of the tips from McKinsey Way is to draw 1 graph a day. That is truly good advice, as this helps you to tell visual stories. 



great skim on how to get up to speed quickly on a project:



link:  https://steveshuconsulting.com/2018/08/management-consultants-quickly-speed-projects/ 



learned from that:



Industry reports – Consultants often dive into industry reports very close to when they arrive onsite for a new client. This can help the consultant come up to speed about industry-specific terminology, product offerings, competitors, new entrants, regulatory issues, geographical considerations, etc. 



and what a workplan is! (I also did learn this in my study)



the workplan is addressed in the first week +/-. These often breakdown the workstreams, key activities, deliverables, project roles, and governance structure 



=



on power:



 The patriarch of McKinsey, Marvin Bower, rightly felt that management consultants should have the highest level of professionalism, integrity, and candor.  



related to J's dad and I's convo... 



link is just an overview of tenaments of consulting and how they relate to 3 types of power:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/02/21/3-kinds-of-power-positional-relational-and-expertise/ 



words:



 Kick-off meeting. (Positional) It is customary to have a kick-off meeting where the executive sponsor formally introduces the consultants to her staff, thereby, “loaning” the consultants some of her authority.  This allows the consultants to do work and create change. It’s like being a substitute teacher, it is a privilege and borrowed power. 



  Best practices. (Expertise) Consultants bring some objectivity because they benefit from working at multiple competitors, suppliers and customers. Clients like to have that “outside-in” perspective and know where they stand relatively in performance. “What is best practice?” is a common question from executives. Best practices, maturity models, benchmarks, and survey results are all examples of expertise power. 



 Consultants love data for many reasons – including the fact that data gives the consultants credibility and conviction. 



Being on-site. (Relational)  Generally, consultants don’t have a lot of relational equity. They might know the “buyer” of the services, but often meet the stakeholders at the kick-off meeting.  So, it is critically important to get to know the working-level stakeholders as soon as possible. Collaboration is a two-way street.  Some of it has to do with being professional, friendly, and helpful. Some of it has to do with the tacit understanding that consultants can help (or sometimes hurt) career prospects.



In my mind, one of the main reasons that consultants are often at the client site Monday-Thursday is for relational reasons.  The travel is a beast, but it is an effective way to work with the clients, get to know each other, share meals, and build relationships.  The ex-CMO of Deloitte wrote a best-seller on building relationships called Never Eat Alone (affiliate link). Guess what the main point of the book is. . . . . never eat alone.



==



To read in the future... if I'm presenting to a larger group! (incls how to tailor the deck)



 The best presentation requires no PowerPoint. Tell stories. Grab the audience’s attention. Be likable, be yourself. Enumerate your points #1, #2, #3. Walk around the audience and use the space. Pause for effect. Speak 20% louder than you think you have to. Animate – use your arms, and expressions. Importantly, have fun. 



link:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2018/05/01/large-groups/ 



=



Data / excel posts to read later:



Read Link 0 first (19 Excel modeling tips, incl comments):  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2014/12/11/excel-modeling-tips/ 



somewhat interesting: " We might use Powerpoint to simplify complex ideas, and hallway conversations to build client rapport, but excel is where the money is made. From my experience, there are 10 hours of Excel for every 1 hour of Powerpoint. "



" Eureka moments: Although people think of PowerPoint for its graphics and visuals, it is when you are analyzing data with excel that those Eureka moments avail themselves. Powerpoint is for telling stories. Excel is for uncovering the real story. "



Link 1:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2014/10/02/data-analysis/ 



Link 2:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2012/04/15/love-data/ 



Link 3 (good graphs):  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2014/03/25/good-graphs/ 


Not drinking enough water



Drinking straight tap water (perhaps the water here isn't that great) (i'm going to try filtering it if I want to drink cold water, and otherwise boiling it!)



Not getting enough sunlight



Sleeping with the heater on all night (sapping the moisture from my face!)


something about the sun... or magnet...



that passage i read once, that made me think, that's the person i want to become



 here's one passage: "Rapport: Being able to build rapport quickly is a huge asset.  It’s a mix of friendliness, approachability, optimism, courtesy, and likeability.  You become a magnet.  Essentially, people are attracted to you.  You become worthy of their attention, time, and effort.  I think there is a correlation between consultants and good looks, but I am biased. "



maybe something like this:



"



“He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.”



―Leo Tolstoy,Anna Karenina



"



But I read the sun quote in a YA book I think... how the planets revolved around it.


 On building client relationships: it is critically important to get to know the working-level stakeholders as soon as possible. Collaboration is a two-way street.  Some of it has to do with being professional, friendly, and helpful. Some of it has to do with the tacit understanding that consultants can help (or sometimes hurt) career prospects. 



practice sharing more myself first! finding connections!


Wardrobe (to add / keep an eye out for):



 Sam Edelman rainboots 



Biz casual sneakers??



maybe: more thermal wool socks! (tho I have enough too tbh)



McK things to read:



link 1:  https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/mckinsey-digital/leap/overview 



link 2:  https://home.intranet.mckinsey.com/mdigital/user/login/sso?destination=case-studies 



link 3: OYW deck  file:///C:/Users/Kathleen%20Hu/Downloads/Presentation%20-%20One%20Young%20World%202019.pdf 



SXSW links (w emphasis on product and sustainability)



1:  https://medium.com/@jaudrius/sxsw-2018-for-product-managers-10-sessions-to-attend-664b8cfe3169 



2:  https://schedule.sxsw.com/2020/events/PP103758 



3:  https://schedule.sxsw.com/2020/events/PP1129415 



4:  https://schedule.sxsw.com/2020/events/PP100763 



5:  https://schedule.sxsw.com/2020/events/PP103717 



Interesting person to reach out to re: international expansion:  https://www.linkedin.com/in/jalmendares/ 







COLIVING:




ROAM link 1:  https://medium.com/the-roam-diaries/as-we-may-live-b2f9b42b04f 



link 2:  https://angel.co/company/roamcoliving 



link 3:  https://www.roam.co/about 




Coliving (intl students): https://www.unionapt.live/locations 



Coliving (intergenerational): Montreal



BTW I love this startup idea:



program to apply, and they match with other founders! https://www.antler.co/ 



another link:  https://www.antler.co/program/ 



To read to learn about financial instruments:



link 1:  https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/glass-steagall-act-explained/ 



link 2 (ETFs in a recession):  https://www.ft.com/content/464d8d78-a843-11e7-ab66-21cc87a2edde 



link 3 (ETFs):  https://www.kiplinger.com/slideshow/investing/T022-S001-7-crash-proof-etfs-to-battle-a-bear-market/index.html 



Self-care:



Possible oil to get in future after I finish mine:  https://global.ulta.com/100-organic-cold-pressed-rose-hip-seed-oil?productId=pimprod2007100sku=2551162cmpid=PS_Non!google!Product_Listing_Adscagpspn=plaCATCI=aud-334903465855:pla-807622722403CAAGID=70404786897CAWELAID=330000200001794796CATARGETID=330000200001824798CADevice=cgclid=Cj0KCQjw0brtBRDOARIsANMDykazQCfeIhFQVZVZK4xKdkhSXkuzaq8wPo3-sB1tKdx4Ra6DejFK5I4aAmjAEALw_wcB 



To get at WF next time needed (lypo-spheric vitamin c whole foods):  https://www.amazon.com/Lypo-Spheric-Vitamin-Bioavailability-Professionally-Phospholipids/dp/B000CD9XGC 



Consulting reads:



link 1:  https://steveshu.typepad.com/steve_shus_weblog/2005/04/what_is_triangu.html 



link 2:  https://steveshuconsulting.com/2005/04/what_is_triangu/ 



link 3:  https://powerful-problem-solving.com/triangulate-on-answers/ 



link 4:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2016/07/17/email-tips/ 



link 5:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2015/08/26/economist/ 



link 6:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/05/16/structuring-problems-consultants-use-buckets/ 



link 7:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2012/10/07/consultant-jargon/ 



link 8:  https://associatesmind.com/2012/04/18/a-judges-mind-or-5-cognitive-illusions-of-judges/ 



link 9:  https://www.forbes.com/sites/actiontrumpseverything/2012/07/22/how-extremely-successful-people-sell-their-ideas-internally/#1b15dc342764 



link 10:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2014/08/14/think-write-communicate-revise/ 



link 11:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2012/06/01/best-practice/ 



link 12:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/07/17/consultant-arch-type-16th-round-draft-pick-john-stockton/ 



link 13:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2014/02/25/five-superfluous-powerpoint-tips/ 



link 14:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/06/07/presentation-tips-from-teds-chris-anderson/ 



link 15:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2015/09/17/consulting-tip-dont-read-your-slides/ 



link 16:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2016/11/22/slideology-3-designing-effective-slides/ 



link 17:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2016/12/06/mckinsey-pentagon/ 



link 18:  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2017/03/19/word-choice/ 



link 19 (topics I'm interested in):  https://home.intranet.mckinsey.com/profiles/people/mck_info_view_more?id=14838which_section=all_engagements 



Storytelling reads:



link 1:  https://www.fastcompany.com/3052152/6-rules-for-great-storytelling-from-a-moth-approved-master-of-the-form 



link 2:  https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/75344/moths-dan-kennedy-shares-9-ways-sharpen-your-storytelling-skills 



link 3 (effective communication):  https://www.siriusdecisions.com/blog/thefourcsofeffectiveexecutivecommunications 



Self improvement:



link 1:  https://medium.com/better-marketing/10-skills-to-becoming-a-millionaire-in-5-years-or-less-e16b8b20500c 



link 2 (eh):  https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/what-we-can-learn-from-the-40-second-pitch-that-made-will-smith-invest-immediately-c5f61d5a0b5 



link 3:  https://medium.com/the-ascent/how-i-learned-to-5x-my-income-10x-my-confidence-and-create-a-future-of-unlimited-possibility-d51620009fc7 



Real Estate:



link 1 (great overview):  https://www.consultantsmind.com/2016/09/23/rental/ 



link 2:  https://www.amazon.com/Building-Wealth-Updated-Expanded-Second-ebook/dp/B01GDHT3CY  - I was previewing pages prior to chapter 3 


pre-story I) New life hack I'm going to try out: when I misspell a word (as I do quite often...), instead of right click + correct, I'm going to right click to see what the correct spelling is, and then delete and re-spell from the start.



Like: efficiencies



and: misspell



Effervescence 



pre-story II) Playing piano has made me more creative in other elements (i.e. writing!). This makes sense to me. 



Story: 


cleaning ladies.......I HAVE to frame it so that I'm not complaining at all, and these aren't seen as negatives!


For example, when my roommate cleans the apartment and throws out a bunch of old stuff, then it feels easier for me to do so as well! 



When my roommate buys a bunch of new things including to organize stuff, I am inspired to as well!





And

Figure out how to remove the negative aspects of the feeling of not getting
*not sponsored

1) free WiFi on flight for messaging and movies (and pretty great movie selection btw!)

2) free snacks

3) wonder moments. The little, unexpected but very welcome comments that brighten my day for a few moments

4) we get to choose our own seats! Being in a priority ticket means there's ample room in an emergency row. Or if I don't want to wait getting out of the plane, being near the very front.

5) our tickets also have a drink voucher, which I personally don't need, but it's cool! Not needing to pay for an alcoholic beverage (even if the company is paying for it if I bought one on a different Airline).

6) another one I no longer am using much: 2 free checked bags. It's the little things that just make the experience phenomenal!
Great things I've learned:

Take time, don't put all funds in immediately

Don't procrastinate, actions should align with goals

Learn and track lessons learned, reasons and outcomes for each action

Diversify: at times, I want a large sum to make a large bet AND consistently invest in index funds

LEARN! There's wisdom in the past as well. Tune out the noise.

long term for me now: decades

Make a plan, stick to it, but ALSO examine it every year because circumstances change and we learn more

From my current engagement:



From my year:



*how to work really hard... sprint... i.e. DD: working till 2:30/4am and needing to be back in office at 7/9am



From my entire tenure:


Include emotional AND numerical



STRUCTURE!



Always spend more time on pitch



Take the audience through a logical journey



Storytelling



Have a few memorable spikes.. and can be relatively average on all else... instead of trying to go for above average for everything...



Spikes ideally can be things people can relay past needing you to relay... concise, memorable



Be crisp on value proposition



Maintain perspective: keep sign on real "win" which is long term: which is positive relationships, experience


I’m often in awe of new things to the world someone has thought of and built. 



Some part seeing what there has been, some part creativity spurring, other part ITERATION. 


What I want to say I've done:



Gone to Kobe, Japan for FLITEAttend Inspire (something with presence)Attend JAM weekend in EuropeDo an international engagementBecome stand-alone by end of yearDo a study where I act as PMmaybe prob not: attend Experienced Hire TrainingIIT (Initial Interview Training)



Start of 2020, I'm happy with:



My skin care regimenMy sleep regimenMy stretching and exercising regimenMy eating regimenMy focus on postureMy stress/breathing regimenMy start of professional wardrobe


when arguing, get higher level input to "decide"






*teach nicole about ETFs! 



*bet on a few things because I believe in them, invest in them when they go down!



*long run... 



Here's what I've learned from my past 2 years in the financial markets!



woohoo worrrrds


15 days PTO



6 days to China in Jan



5 days to Hawaii in Jun



2 days end of year in Dec



==



14 days PTO... 1 day left... 



ooo take PTO? for Saba's sister's wedding 



==



plus it's ok to be negative



==



And LFO to friends over weekends!! 


Text will be and is becoming future of customer service! 


Perhaps I can improve on



Typing less, being present more; in meetings.



BEcause, when one person does it, then more people do it. 



Ya know. Esp maybe if it's me, a newer lower person in a meeting with senior people.



Anyways,



Here's a story.



There was an old man living in a house on the corner of a street. At this corner, there was a middle school bus stop where a girl and a boy waited in the mornings for the yellow school bus to make its daily route to take them to class.



On one newly snowed Chicago winter morning, the girl and boy stood waiting at that corner, trying not to show their shivering, when the old man living in the house came out and said Good Morning. The girl waited for the boy to say something. The boy didn't say anything. The old man then asked kindly, Would you both like a ride to school? Again, the boy didn't say anything. The girl was scared 


snack less, cook more :)



hang out with friends - plan something!



TAXES!



Reflect



Plan, etc. for GOTR phase 2



Make a video of next trip w J! (i.e. China)


Read:



https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/cautionary-tales/maybe: https://nextshark.com/elephante-edm-asian-parents/https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2011/04/the_amazoncom_2010_shareholder.htmlhttps://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2019/08/modern-applications-at-aws.htmlmaybe: https://history.howstuffworks.com/historical-figures/anna-may-wong.htmhttps://medium.com/@alex.artiach/food-in-china-is-about-innovation-eating-has-never-been-so-cool-82b957b8d01


people hate that


With black sharpie, quickly scrawled



I want to remember the larger things in life; and work towards those; knowing ultimately that I am fine.



I want my daughter to take a gap semester and explore more of what life has to offer.



Don't forget what I have that others don't... The break... I don't need to have an existential crisis. I don't need to try out tech. I've already dabbled around enough to know what I have is gold.



Sure, I worked "hard" the last few years of college. But this "hard" was just a relentless prioritization. Less time for friendship, more time for planning, and sticking to it to get in those meetings, coding sessions, presentations, homework sessions, lecture and TA hours. 



Prior to working hard, I took a break - the opposite of working hard. Traveling France and Morocco. 



Then after working hard in college, I took another break - I had a year where the first semester I basically chilled (though I interviewed a ton) on campus and then the second semester I completely chilled at Boulder, Colorado.



Oh and then when work started? My first month was "on the beach" and so was the next month after my first study. I'm hoping for a few more weeks on the beach to reflect and chill again as well before emailing partners for my next staffing :D. What a freaking blessing - having days in between work. 



Here's what I know:



I want to become a mom.



So remember the components behind those: i.e. prioritize 



I want a lot out of my partner. I think he'll get there. If not, it's also A-OK.



I want him to be C-level. I believe he can - he's got the work ethic, he's got the build (he fits in with the skin and height and gender of many in that group) and accompanying incredible look when clothes fit him, he's got the intelligence, he's got the growth mindset, he's got some sort of business foundation, and beyond all of that, he's got the EQ... he has the people skills, he has the posture, he has the presentation skills, he has the caring heart and honest values.



And, he loves me.


I want to pour out



I want to scream out



into a glass vase,



fragile as the tightrope 



I stand on 



--



Is this a new era in my life? Will I wake up fulfilled? I am fulfilled.



I have three years where I am right now. Then I can keep growing in a way that's not the same 



Well, no worries because I am continuously growing - so I'm happy :D 



--



Besides, I know where I want to go next! AFRICA!!



For half a year to 2 years



OR doing tech - as a PM first for 1-2 years?



^nah






She tells stories from ...



Her photos show



Years 0-3 (pre-rememberance)



In public though, she seemed blase.



In private, her heart was filled with... (some sort of drink?, some sort of color? some sort of sound?)



Years ___



To mentions:



"woke" ... travelled around the worldexploring - the hostility of Chinese policy to Uighur minority Helped:At age ___: 







There was a stark discrepancy between one "vacation" to another, from one family friend's manor to another family friend's dingy apartment. 



Her ..







Her love for the man in our lives was ....



She created with poise. Her free time consisted of dance, keyboard, and poetry 



Play time were legos, books, make pretend. Hikes, knight-battles in the neighboring forest. Screaming on the top of our lungs at the top of the snow-capped mountain. Jumpy, Golden, Rose.. our chickens pecking the feed in our backyard.



Through it all, we chased wonder. We caught wonder in our bare hands and feet. Looked up at the full moon and the summer solstice colors. We biked along these streets lined with marvelous trees.



We fought and cried and laughed and hugged. 


Then working backwards perhaps.



Psychology of small wins, and using that feeling to take bigger bites off more, new things.


College:



Just show up 



Watson:



Give first



McKinsey first year: 


Thank you, dear Universe for this warm, smooth cappuccino in the warmed Tuxton mug, combined with the beautiful smell of the orange I took from the cafeteria.



I want to be king in your story. I want your heart to beat for me. I want you to sing to me softly, because I'm outrunning the dark.



I'm so happy where I'm at. The people here, genuinely care about me. 



I want to give everyone hugs. My eyes widen, I bounce on my feet, when I see many of these people.



I'd like to plug into some music and flow through some yoga moves. 



Write , write , write



The power of, for example, going into the office. Seeing people, that's the best reminder. People think of you, people make plans, life goes on like this.



I'd like to write about... things I've learned. Things I'd like to do differently. Things I'm so darn thankful for.



I'm so darn privileged. SVO has all these amazing events, seemingly every Friday!!!!!!!!! Kathleen, think about this... how much are these memories and such worth in the long run? Say compared to an Uber ride.







More things I'd like from my time at McKinsey:



Plan at least 1 social event every quarter! i.e. hiking :P Work with different leadership! Esp west coast... take a look at who I want toFLITE in Japan



Maybe for PP study:



Ask if there's a path forward for me to become a "senior DA" from this... @me: check LDM :D Maybe stop somewhat with this obsession on optimization... have habit of enough/plenty feeling :D 



Here's the book I'll write in 5 years:



Combination of fiction and non-fictionCollection of thoughts, glimpses, feelings I've had, into fictional stories with emotion... And things about life that I've learned through these past yearsCombined into a collective story, that ties together after a few chapters, yaknow



Here's a sample story:



She gave her best figure to another man; and he gave his best puffed chest to another woman... They gave each other a sustainable comfortableness... write more on this.Also to do: bring notebook/pen / writing utensils with me EVERYWHERE! or even voice recordings


Feb 21st, 2020



Pushing back, i.e. Ch making many requests to client - standing my ground to not overwhelm clients :) - learned from Curt J!pushing back in meetings too... sometimes clients don't know as deeply as I dopracticing speaking terms i.e. "Anything else"? + repeating back what I heard, + using an example to illustrate a point :D - woot first practiced at WCU!



I'm going to start dating these... The dates of when I'm writing them down.



Mar 2nd, 2020



Successful leaders build other leaders... having others do your works makes you that much more effective. Leverage, etc.Again, over communicate. Incl/i.e. giving context. People are busy people; context switching can be difficult, make it easier for everyone by practicing context habit :) I've learned and practiced meeting tools, like when I'm presenting, stopping and asking "Any questions" instead of rushing through and having others interrupt with questions. This also makes me seem more confident, present, and thoughtful to others :) instead of "I just want to keep going and get this done"Another meeting tool I learned from WCU: On answering questions: making sure people feel heard... going behind answering quickly, but addressing the concern behind that question. Speaking with authority when I don't have much... saying "someone else" that the person I'm trying to convince, respects (i.e. KNOW, a McK expert, a GLG call, a partner, etc.) said something or thinks something or asked for something... This is huge:!!!*I*!!!! need to prioritize my life. Decide what I want. Even more important when things get busy, even during sprints; to have anchors to see when things are steering off course. During this study: exercise :)






It's called, change my life.



It starts with a timeline. It ends with a timeline.



66 days. Routine. Routine is a privilege.



It's quite easy. For ex: eat water-dense foods. Avoid dry foods (i.e. most snacks, most packaged foods, nuts, grilled meats - to eat in moderation). For your health and for your skin.



Wash my face with facewash. Then moisturize.



Also wear lip balm :)



So many things done :) Dress, breathe, breakfast, stretch



Also possible to try:



In conversation, maintain eye contact when you are speaking. It’s easy to do while listening.


people hire people alike (incl people with same degrees or people who think alike - i.e. value diversity)those similarities also create more bonds with clients ... who may also have gone to top tier unispeople are accomplished can talk to senior clients with a mindset/perspective that this isn't all. that they're not impressed. because they know they've accomplished so much themselves....











More things I want out of my intentional McK experience:



Gov't work / public sectorAfrica!!Marketing :)MGI ?Consumer / retail Consumer - FOOD! It'd be really cool to get into circular economy stuffReal estate :)/future of housing (i.e. coliving)



+ to do: share this with people in the world!


I would like to write about my love for JAM. How I forget sometimes, in some moments. And then I hold him, and all is right.



Let's keep on keeping improving. I have seemingly literally everything to do this.


Taxes



GOTR



easiest, hardest things first



The hardest things become easy when structure and concreteness is applied.











later possible things: write down all the random things i wrote down to google/read more about later... but v likely will :P ~90% won't but prob ~10% will in my life :)


WCU = West Coast University



Possible workout routines using free weights or body weight:



arms? https://www.womenshealthmag.com/uk/fitness/workouts/a706391/free-weights-workout/ 



Day 1 of WC U (brain dump):



On answering questions:It's OK to gather my thoughts before talking (do this more!)When I say "that's a good question" to every question... sure it buys me time; but it's also insincereAcknowledge questions/answers: "That's a valid concern," also by summarizing questions: "You're asking ____, correct?," "I'm hearing...," etc. This is step 1 of empathy.Step 2 of empathy is learning more about people's concerns; learning the reason behind why they asked the question, what they're really afraid of, and addressing it in an empathetic mannerEx: "what if we can't make these deadlines?" A: "what are your concerns with meeting the deadlines?" (instead of say, A: words that end up saying "we have to meet these deadlines... we'll find a way no matter what to meet these deadlines")^ex consultants are known for... Poised phrases can also show graceful "exit"s: "....I'd love to address that more with you offline"When I'm thinking and my sentences may not be very structured: "I'm going to think/brainstorm out loud for a second..." (+ possibly ask "is that ok?")



On when I'm talking and realize I mess up:



Prior to a meeting:Remind self to remind group of the 4Ps: Purpose, Payoff (what's in it for them), Preview, Process - I can see this applicable sometimes



On presence (during a meeting): First sentence I say sets the tone... In presentations, make sure I know my first sentence and I say it loudly, clearly, confidently, and with the accompanying body language.



On myself (for my personal increase of self awareness... the first step*)Advice I keep hearing include:I'm personable, I'm a nice person, I'm genuine I blink a lot in front of cameras!



On building gravitas:Sit up straightBe louder - get attentionSay as little as I can"Ze who holds the silence, holds the power" - Robert Cera (or something)Also: speak with a clear voice



Other tips:Choose times to go in depth (like a somewhat unexpected aside)... this shows passion"Lead with your intelligence" ("intelligence" being boobs) ("leading" with them being stand up straight girl!)Say less... like 1/2 amount I'm currently saying and pause more. White space is OK, is powerful!Show excitement/passion on what I'm saying even if I'm not really, or if I've drilled the topic to the ground already; by choosing one small thing that I am genuinely passionate about, practice that, remember the bodily feeling of that, and apply that feeling to more of presentationAlign: visual, vocal, content, intention



Steps*:



self awareness - taking inventory of selfchoice - choosing what of myself I want to keep and strengthen to become my brand, and choosing what of myself "doesn't serve me" as muchpilot choices! - see if I like the actual effects of changescontinue learning, repeat from step 1 continuously :) after all, I have some time to create my personal brand!



Day 2:



Looking and sounding credible:



On likeability: *sidebars/anecdotes: speaking to people like normal person



Miscellaneous other:



What I'd learn from a DD: how to turn pages really quickly (~200 pages / week)Becoming an excel wizard!







Not organized, but a month later (today is 3/2), I'm continuing writing on this:



No longer organized, just digitalizing



Prior to meeting, 1) think what my intentional impression will be, 2) interject my voice in meeting early onBeing energized when I'm already an expert/bored with subject: find something small to be energized about, remember that body feeling and carry that throughout :)Throwing in something unexpected gets people's attention Get people's interest: say "why" ... incl why they should careDO NOT SAY "I think" - I really need to practice this... This is great wisdom. People/clients don't care what *I* think... they care what i.e. an accredited expert thinks, what industry thinks, what the firm thinks, etc.@me: I've become more self-aware to smile less/find a balance... supply and demand :P, smiles are worth more when I toss them out less :P and more intentionally. Also I think I say "awesome", "cool", etc too much, incl in meetings with senior(etc) people... Figure out a way to do this less and replace it with something else. ALSO SILENCES ARE POWERFUL ! :D...


A few things aligned together:



WCU - I gained public speaking skills ... for hosting meetings, for presence, for not taking things so seriously because CR didn'tYou were gone shortly after; I got the change to practice those skillsMost importantly, I hung out with a friend who worked at this company who told me how it's basically not that great in industry... how they were severely underpaying him, etc... And somehow That combined with what SS said once, when I went to present Drop freshman year... how "This isn't real.." and how many times I've given that advicePerspective


Woohoo, being a consultant for 2 years



Nailing the toolkit.... Putting in the work... Applying this to college learning, though it's different:



i.e. understanding the reasons WHY to put in the work, learning the toolkit and other things.. so that I am even more motivated to excel at these things


If I'm on the beach next week (March 16-20), here are my backlogged life items to do:



Take acroyoga classes .. 3 classes for $30 or something pass!Go to my favorite stores (and write them down, i.e. ThredUp - AG for jeans, Madewell for tops, Theory for dresses, specific thrift stores for other pieces, etc... ) and purchase 1 new work/casual piece :) 



What would I do in a month of free time?



Work on personal projects........ create a personal coaching service, create a coliving niche :)Read a book :)Sign up for groupons for workout classes :) esp yoga that's running distance away :)



In a year from now:



Work / Professional



...



Financial



...



Art



...



Body



...Skincare: introduce 1 new thing into a regular routine (incl facial massage :)) per month



There are so many things I want to do while I'm in CA:



2020 Summer: SURFING !!!!!!2020-21 Winter: SKIING !!!!!!all year round from work: Work skills, clothing, poise/posture/speaking volume/articulation/clarity, clear skin, etc.



That'd be all easy to do while living in DC! :) 



My focus now is optimizing myself! 



*body: follow specific diet for a bit :)



*work: toolkit


It's so easy to come up with excuses. For reasons to not be productive. For why I'm not writing (i.e. I need to clean my room to focus, I need a new, faster technology e.g., iPad, I need to remove my monitor and prop up this laptop and then connect my ergonomic keyboard).



I feel, emptiness and fullness.



I plan, to write about my learnings.



Here there are, from my last few months:



Get a whiteboard. 



I think, I'm also scared of having more time than I need. 



Here are my audacious goals for April 2020: I'll write them down on a whiteboard:



I'd like to do research and live in a sort of experiment, and then publish it.



I'm frustrated, because I'm constantly writing goals, and not just putting my head down on the systems surrounding it.



My predictions on the future of work? + the future of human interactions/living.


The last time I wrote this was in 2017 here.



I'm writing an updated version for my year of 2019:



WhiteboardThredUp AG jeansFloss stick and floss threaderBackpackChase Reserve card*perks incl TSA precheck tho a friend gave it to meMaybe: foam roller Large phone charger adapter



Not "my" investment nor technically under $100, but I'm including:



Subaru..



J first bought another car for ~$6.5K(?) and sold it for ~$9.5K (I helped negotiate the extra $500!). The Subaru was ~$3K(?) (I helped negotiate the 



==



Looking forward:



Here are the products that I'll 



Skincare:The OrdinaryKiehl's SPFmy chapstick lipstick!! ugh I can't find it thoughMud mask



Maybe/kind of: *I really like my new deoderant XD 



Tide to go sticks? - tho haven't used this much



Smart wool socks!



lol time put into learning ppt/excel/etc shortcuts - kind of



Writing (portable) keyboard!! 



I'm still keeping my eyes out for professional women's shoes that are stylish and supportive (my knees need the support from previous injury). If I ever find these, they'll definitely top my future "Best Investments" list!



===



From 2018:



Insulating water bottleFoam rollerwhite board 






...


Also I highly recommend this pizza recipe!



..https://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-really-good-pizza-at-home-cooking-lessons-from-the-kitchn-178384


Video chat with friendsWe've learned so many different ways to hang out with friends virtually! Here's a few:Dance partyBirthday partyCooking sessionTea sessionYoga sessionOnline games (i.e. escape rooms, scavenger hunts, online versions of board games, etc) + phone games (i.e. mario kart!)Book clubsWalk and talk togetherWorkout sessionsVideo watching sessions (i.e. Netflix party)Asking questions to get to know each other betterCollaborating on personal projects, presenting some sort of findingWriting hoursHappy hoursContinue my practice of focusing on the part of the glass that's fulli.e. in my case now, appreciating that I'm with family, that I'm not paying THAT much for rent (sharing with Jordan), that I'm missing some office etc happy hours BUT I'm making deeper relationships in a more intimate group setting, that I'm at job right now and can bond with coworkers on this time, that I have Charlie, my health (to exercise because that makes me happy).Exercising in my hotel room in week days or my own room on weekendsI've found effective ways to exercise, so now mentally, I don't "need" to go to that fitness class :P



Things that I probably will not take with me post-quarantine:



Cooking.... I don't think I'll still cook that much







PS more comprehensive lists to online games:



https://docs.google.com/document/d/10iOD7Wy_YU4NmkPU7ZH7YTrq11qJAANjZZ0PAotKhR8/preview?fbclid=IwAR3d6gte-hUx3d0-Bo5VBurCw8BarV-3artzK4DMmf7sbWJM9XoGgrFvqKo



and




https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Dwn5ZUX3WiCnod6xDboTRzZ7fUol6IWSwPs4hXLDxz4/htmlview?mc_cid=ae5f1d5908mc_eid=16ded8c388#gid=0







I want to invest 90% of my current cash into the markets:



I have: 



From CapitalOne (currently 1.5% APY so I'm pulling it out): $10,268.08



*$1000/week on Wednesday or Thursday.. to Oil ETF and big tech ... going to $2000 when things dip more though



that'd be 10 weeks... till mid-June



Then I have $26,549.13 in Vio Bank (at ~1.7% APY I believe)



to be invested as well....



Maybe put more in Marcus CD (~2.25% APY)






Words



Oil



Hangout virtually... 


Perhaps there's a power children often, mostly have over parents. It's that we can choose when not to hang out with them. Whereas in my observation, parents often have more time where they will want to hang out whenever with their children. Maybe kind of like the inverse relationship between dogs and parents. 



I'm feeling drowsy... I knew it too, as I ate the large bowl of noodles. I didn't love them... I think I can make a similar flavor with laoganma, the asian spicy seasoning. However, food at home is still wonderful.



Me, I should and I'll work to responding more with kindness. 



How do I let go of things... How do I make it so that I'm so focused on my things, that external things do not get to me?



I think 


AGH YOU"RE NEVER THEREWe order food on the weekends, and there are leftovers that I remind you before I leave to eat during the week, and every single time I end up a week later throwing those out.



YOU"RE NOT HAPPYand I'm not happy. We're two unhappy people, trying to make each other happy. 


-



-



-


The truth of the matter is that he tries



The truth of the matter is that there are times I feel he doesn't think about me enough



The truth of the matter is that then I want more attention and bring up problems, 



Then he obliges with solutions, often mine, and I see improvements! (Tho sometimes I don't see consistent full solutions, but it's about the improvement trend!)






Write down your goals



Write down the systems you’ll put in place to achieve those goals



Write down the books you read



Write down what you learn from those books



Write down meeting action items



Write down daily priorities



Write down your thoughts, your stories, your dreams



Just write! 



LThe why: 



1) Free up your working memory, be more present



2) Imprints what you write in your mind 



https://www.lifehack.org/articles/featured/writing-and-remembering-why-we-remember-what-we-write.html


TL = Thing Learned



More observations on Zoom:



It's difficult to gauge sentiment



Benefits:



It's easier to avoid group think... 



More observations learned from a highly digital coordinating team:







Still pause and ask for questions!!! Questions are really important. i.e. "Let me know if you have any questions before I move onto ____"



More verbage (when asking a "dumb" question that you think everyone else in a meeting knows,



Some verbages that I've learned at GS :)



("Sorry just for my education") - AND SPEAK Steadily and with confidence 



("I think we've run a little over, I really appreciate this because this is really important discussion")



("X name, would you mind taking notes?" *just ask!)


Reasons why: 


And seeing my smiling face.



It's cute


The pitter patter of Earth's most valuable resource



Tickling my skin 



Engulfing all around, bringing us to a common life







I'm thankful for the days I stay home and know, there's nothing better than this



There's nothing else I should / could be doing outside



I can put my head down, work on my projects, read my stories



And there will be another sunny day coming soon










BEFORE phone calls, breathe in 3 deep breaths. Feel deliberate. Then when I have this feeling in my body, when it's normal, then 


It's ok to not pay attentionOften in meetings, you're sitting in a meeting you don't *need* to be there. Heck, you can be spending the precious hour finishing up that 10 page report due tomorrow. But traditional culture has it so that you should be sitting in the meeting, fully focused... Doing something else while someone else is speaking is rude.THOUSANDS of people hours are wasted here!However on Zoom, it's okay to turn your video off. To go on mute. To jump in when someone calls you....


Forwards to the next months



My days are seriously numbered. Thus I'll 


That world-class leaders can be made by acquiring phrases to conversational speech:



"Does that make sense? Any questions?"



"Any thoughts on that? Does that resonate?"



"X name, correct me if I'm wrong"



"Can we pause here and get your reactions X name and Y name?"



"My bias is..."



"What I'm suggesting is..."



On a page that is filled with text, mention "The key X points I'd like to highlight are 1) ... 2) ..."



Some founding principles: 



Strong view, change possible


Before someone else does it



--



Because that way, you will become spectacular, world-class at what you do



--



TL at Mck


that's it...



the compass will guide you to where you life will lead!



(i.e. if your eyes are out for growth , international experiences , etc.)


This time of quarantine has been:



XX cups of tea



2 piano songs learned



XX abs



XX books started



0 books completed



(And I'm happy about it! I'm optimizing for activities where I can spend with family / friends.)



XX falls... 



10 sec free-standing handstand achieved



--



Things I've learned:



Structure enables me to do moreI am happy!This world is freaking beautiful.



--



Deliberate next 1 month:



Chess :)Movie / film!! Gather interest for Squarespace - 2 months of website up?Ideas of marketing:It'd be cool to do... but do I REALLY want to do it?... MAYBE, if there are...But also... what I should've learned is that: our initial customer are from outreach!!! TL: TO LEARN is marketing - Also have learned: I don't love marketing.. but I should understand it... then later on, hire someone who's great at it :)...



--



Looking forward, in the next 2-3 months:



I'll take my learnings to Focus - 



Perhaps - my drop of learning other languages right now - is a testament to my contentment 


Process: 



Sources: 1) MasterClasses 



2) Startup Marketing links



From MasterClass



Traditional movie marketing:



1) it's about the people - i) having star-studded cast who will then do interviews, generate buzz, etc., ii) it's about pandering to the critics / reviewers who have sway and credence in the industry2) other forms: meeting people where they're at... in terms of posters across towns, effective trailers, etc.



Book marketing - James Patterson:



Market yourself - build your personal brand... i.e. what do you want to be known for.... i.e. James' brand (i.e. page turners, prolific writer)Social media!! (Twitter, fb, etc...) How to get people to pay attention? GET THEIR ATTENTION - put something out there, get people curious, be provocative... and then be consistent  



Routine - publish



Possible learnings:



Marketing is to bring awareness to help sell. But the mindset is to help. To show something that someone needs to benefit and enhance their life.... 


I'm feeling a bit of frustration right now.



BUT, perhaps. I don't know.






I believe - I've ought - I've got - to work on the 100% rule... 



How 100% is easier than 98%


Here's what I know:



Good for me: being uncomfortablebeing an ally - not a bystander - in the momenthaving and engaging in discussions - listening - and having ground rules set there then



Here's what I know I'm uncertain of:



The truth of today










I almost forgot - making the most out of my situation - right is McKinsey....


I'm sitting in the seat you sat in when I left.



I was a three drive away - you are a three hour flight away.



I guess when I write this out rationally - I feel a little less sad. 



Yet stil - I feel - this redness in my hands, the tightness of my chest - you felt this before too.



I never thought I'd be in this seat. 



Gosh damn - sisters are the best.



Gosh damn - family is the best.



--



And so is change. Thankful thankful thankful for change - change of scenery , change of people , change of location - because it makes us more thankful for what we have. And girl is that beautiful.



--



I wonder - if I should keep providing a sort of playbook for you. I think yes? Because I've never felt so invested in if you do it or not... If you don't - so be it. If you don't, perhaps a seed is planted nevertheless.



--



Why did you feel that you need to be so responsible?



Why are you so mature?



Are you enjoying yourself? Are you enjoying the ride?



--



You - you have to - you will - become a woman in your own shoes.



--



Maybe this is a somewhat reflection - of me as a woman. As an older sister - where and how I can help her from what I've learned - a testament to - if I've really learned and if she can do it (perhaps right now - "it" is just getting into a good college fit for herself) with the knowledge.



And aha - I doubt this is how things would be like as a mom. 



--



Maybe my writing is to myself - so I can achieve more. So I can be able to talk - because I think advice is somewhat meaningless if I don't have the track record to dispense it.


sleep



water



food


The external world is already really good at motivating others. The incentives are already put in place and there are external pressures and rewards involving others such as reputation in integrity and ____... 



For example, ...teachers, etc.



Our internal motivation wanes however. The same systems are not set up in place. So if from the morning to the end of the day, we are constantly succumbing to the motivations of others, we lose the willpower we have most of when we are refreshed and wake up.



Another reason why to do the hardest thing to self-motivate self as early as possible is because mindset-wise, you build: 1) self-efficacy, 2) habits / routine, which in turn builds, 3) motivation and the fly-wheel of productivity. Doing one thing (e.g., sending that one email, submitting your taxes, finishing a chapter of ACT prep, etc.) to a self defined "completion" - even if it's small, and actually especially if it's small - will trigger a flywheel or rolling snowball effect of getting more things done right after or throughout the day which compounds over life! 



Furthermore


Looking around, I am hip hop happy.



Maybe my month of July will look something like: 



TBH I wouldn't mind staying here an extra week! And having my family members join me :) So leaving Iowa July 25/26 instead of July 18 /19. There are so many places to work from... The chairs overlooking the lake, the "standing desks" (drawers), the table with desk and chairs.



It's quite swell... looking back on month calendars and seeing the lives we've lived.







Here are some things I know, still:



I have the absolute best job in the world.







One of the most powerful things I've learned has been Breathing.


Quick take on who I am: 23 y/o in management consulting with an adoration of people, presence, nature, movement, freedom, and happiness.



Reason for post: Snapshot of my consumer (time and money) behaviors in 2020 



Writing / note taking: Wordpress, Notion, SimpleNote (caveat: I'm switching many uses of SimpleNote to Notion)Apparel: Smartwool - socks, AG Adriano Goldschmied - jeans, Theory - work clothes, Nike - workout clothes, Birkenstock - shoes,  Content: Wes Anderson - movies, Food: Produce - farmers' markets and CSAs, bulk bins - co-ops and Whole Foods, frozen foods - Trader Joe's, 



Key reasons of what I love: 



...



Open questions: 



How do brands and products intersect? What insights can I gain from brands deemed "successful" by me? What does data support...What products do I sincerely dislike and avoid? 



Here's a potential chart of if I were to analyze my preferences:



Brands I love and am loyal to (expected behavior) | Brands I love and am not loyal to (not expected behavior... insights to be drawn from gap analysis from this and former category) | Brands I am impartial to and am loyal to (insight to inelastic demands? and potential other factors) | Brands I am impartial to and am not loyal to (expected behavior) | Brands I dislike and am loyal to () | Brands I dislike and am not loyal to () 



Then in each category / column, dive into the reasons "why" accompanying each Brand / Product, to see if there are trends.



Reasons for this analysis on myself - a data point of n = 1: 



Time commitment required:



Opportunity cost: (this is done for minuscule decisions to larger decisions)1) What else could I be doing now? How much value output (long term and short term, intrinsic and external, etc.) and effort input do the other opportunities have? 2) Is there a better / another time for me to do this? Is there something else that I could be doing right now that I can't do later? (i.e. I should workout outside right now / in the morning, because it'll rain the rest of the day starting noon; or I should drop out of school now because I can always "come back" to school; or I should start a startup now because I can always work for someone else since I've first built my skills and experiences to be hireable)3) What secondary opportunity factors should I factor into consideration? (i.e. is my piece of work blocking someone else's for a common goal? An example of this is prioritizing sending emails / outreach communication earlier than later, so others know of my asks or instructions.)



Thought / thing I learned about myself writing this post: This is how I tend to structure thinking... for most things in life. Perhaps it's primarily a product of McK problem-solving reps, my industrial engineering college education, and economics high school classes.



Thoughts:



The girl in that book I read who led those childrenBoys. there's this instinctual for being pigeon-holed / blinders put on when a boy has a girl... I've seen it in J, in his bro N, and in many other guys! Where I feel like there could be other girls who could give them attention before they have their "girl" or even after, but there's no "bite" on the line.adult - parent - child framework... how the parent-child happens sometimes in romantic relationships too 







Here's what a successful day would look like for me:



Today and Friday will be my reflection days :)



Finish writing, do refining, and publish this post1 hr of working out :D 1 meditation sessionCalling people I love (done: mom, to do / prob: Nicole, Saba, Ananya, on deck: Angela, ...?)Optional: review 1 McK intranet slides... Optional: draft all I want out of McK and how I'll get there, with understanding of and taking into account of the 3 Ps.



Perhaps next week will be working and pushing forward on Nicole + I's project!!!! Making a workplan?


StillnessTime for reflectionAccess to incredible content...Online books - it's kind of the worst for me when I buy a book, envision myself in love with the book and pouring my hours into the beautiful pages, and then not loving the book nor wanting to finish itMe: I can better at segmentation... there are many less days I feel the weight on my body of things I need to get done. Perhaps this more means I'm getting better at defining complete.



I love that McKinsey has the following BUILT INTO the system (like from the book "Nudge"... when something is set as "default" then it's much easier to accomplish than going against default and requiring extra energy):



...More things I learned that I'm working on still! 1) Vocalizing my thoughts with less restriction... comes with reps :P, 2) Standing to my initial thoughts even when I'm not certain... because it probably has legs somewhere., 3) McK has smart people! There's a mindset of respecting and listening and asking to listen to what others have to say because of this premise... I think it's a great mindset to incorporate to my social interactions with other groups - because it leads to win-win (i.e. people can rise to who you think they are, people feel respected, my mindset creates more open-mindedness to listen), 4) working hard... and mindset / visualization (bringing things closer / to home) of what's possible... including myself, my peers, and leadership (i.e. partners)... making me also more empathetic when I "complain"... knowing what execs and others could be going through and knowing what is possible in productivity / efficiency / output :) 



Biggest learnings at Mck :) PS skills, client skills, comm skills, page making skills - with practice (also check out decks from PE folks in their profile cuz they are tanks ;P and practice duplicating some slides... without using a mouse ? - to practice and memorize keyboard shortcuts!)


Ex: "At X age, everyone still looks around not sure what to do."






Better attacking ways:



1. First listen to the opposition



2. Say “Yes And” ie “that’s a good point on X (in reference to a point they said that you genuinely agree with... and there’s got to be at least one if they’re passionate about their stand)... AND here’s another factor to consider...”



3. Still use stories (emotion) and data (logic) to share your thoughts



*both sides of argument should engage in all three points 


Increased / fervent desire creates sense of less mutual desire from gatekeeper to item of desire 



Even perhaps when the provider of desire may be a good fit for the gatekeeper. 



The gatekeeper, also seeks feeling of scarcity associated with worth? For ex the gatekeeper may say yes to another provider of desire who seems less fervent...



Like romantic courtship... 



It’s a thing to learn in life.... when you really really want something, worth working hard for it, but not to show ferverence



*me: to illustrate this and add illustration 


On my first study at the firm... Mining client



Small things like team event planning and team cartoon! 



I didn't understand the why... didn't execute



Also, I just remembered the first day I was there, I put together an excel of the people to attend an event we were helping put on.... and that day, I was asked to present this to the CEO by the partner...Thing learned: be ahead of things, have things ready! You never know when you may need to present before a "deadline"Also haha: my excel was formatted terribly (no formatting) with no oversight by anyone... I wonder if this gave the partner a minor heartattack. I also answered questions to the CEO about it! 



Another memory: when I was drying my hair outside of the building (it's Arizona and really hot) and the partner arrives and asks if I'm ok and I tell her what I'm doing



Team cartoon though... that I regret a bit... Having the core team, my first team, with the quotes and cartoon... that would've been awesome. Thing learned: 1) execute, 2) establish guardrails (Part of the reason it fell apart was because people kept joining the team and I wanted to include everyone :/)


Here's what I know, all of it linking to my eating habits and accordingly, ME



I wasn't stressed while at PP, I got enough sleep, I did a lot outside of work and sit and be lethargic



I played ping-pong, I went paddleboarding / out into the water every day for breaks, I went water skiing in the morning



I ate brunch pretty late - around 10-11am with protein (lots of EGGS!) (maybe this is one thing for me to change!!! I used to start my day with a lot of protein, recently, I've been just eating a lot of cereal which is lacking that protein!!! that kept me not hungry or having cravings during the day)






words word words



Furthermore, energy energy energy



appreciation



WOW what a world we live in



Furthermore, 



Today I'll be writing on two things, 1) things learned about $ investing



2) food meals for today



Also 3) Chasing flow.........



In reading, writing, music, and more


a little bit of peaches... in a salad say, instead of a whole peach



a little bit of banana slices, instead of a whole banana



a little bit of avocado in a sandwich filled with other things



a little bit of corn, sweet potato, etc etc filled with other things!



a little bit of oat milk in coffee, instead of say a cup of oat milk







yum , delightful


Giving when 


For ex, at EMBARK, the EM made a joke, "let's be real, BAs don't do real work"



Then my first study, my EM said to just me, "BAs are the lifeblood of the firm"....


COVID time, personal goals like:



backpacking and outdoor climbing? in Seattlesurfing? in San Diegoskiing!! in CO / utah / etc






DTCIoTTech..? for social sector



Checked:



Data... somewhatCloud... somewhatDigital business building (something I am still really interested in!!)


Of observing a “negative” (opposite of intent) mass result that is happening, that you recognize the wrong actions and also you don’t care enough about the greater action needed to make change in this great mass. 



Past example: LT v HCHS basketball game



Current example: millennials voting


using travel time... on flights... to read, catch-up, study, etc.


Today, 9/29



Possible things to work on: PD... also push it out!! to Thurs / Friday meeting... because I think I want to take a COVID day tomorrow



Tomorrow, 9/30 - take a COVID day 






Trying them on, wearing them, then after a while, they “become” me 


He would've stayed if she asked him to. The four letter word "Stay" never left her lips only her eyes. But his eyes did not meet hers. So he packed up his things with a wistful gaze, his body ready to turn back at the anticipation of a word never heard, as he closed the door and drove away.



There are some people who ask questions to have an audience for answering the questions themselves.







Reflection: 



Welcome to the Lost 20s. A time in our generation we search in the dark. 



I don't feel... Lost.



Perhaps ignoring my peers, for a certain time in my life, I feel secure.



I am happy with what I know, I am happy with what I have, I am happy with who I'm with, I'm happy with what I do. I don't know what more to ask for! 







Reflection on me:



Perhaps I've tried enough things prior to what I'm doing now, to know what *doesn't* make me happy... that the grass *isn't* greener on the other side. And for that, I am thankful.



The things I wanted to optimize for in the past, I've written down. Those things have not changed. Accordingly, I'm happy that I've achieved those "things" and are on a path continuing it.



Less time thinking is less time overhead on thinking / searching! 



Down the line, I'll have to continue thinking about my "story", my "platform", etc. But also tbh, naturally I think this will / can be built somewhat naturally with moderate-minimal deliberation! 







My thoughts on the stock market and my corresponding actions:



maybe sell some when i'm up... from now until november 10-ish? *because I believe there will be volatility from uncertainty after the results come outthen continue to purchase automatically on a weekly basis (set this up on RH?) with the belief that the stock market improves especially the year after a new president is elected







Possible article to write about: on community... and my co-live experience during this time of quarantine? and recommendations for others?


Shoot I was going to write and publish something , prob a learning / realization on this topic?? Today but now I can’t remember my thoughts 






Bring your full self at work.... people around you want to help be a part of you achieving your dreams. 



Previously: thought to hide other non-work things... fear of taking away from total work....



Reality: humanizing... deeper connection with others, others open up more likely because 


In framing, set expectations ex who needs to do what! Ex Y needs to approve something, for Z, we are just floating by you for prelim input before bringing to X... etc 


I'm constantly thinking of ways I'm darn appreciative of my life, my job and more....



So many reasons why I love my job...



For example, I love the idea of "serving others"... being behind the scenes... that meshes with my personal being / operating model totally.



I love working on so, so many interesting product questions... I love it!!! 


I want to work hard with the people I connect with.



I want to balance my life to be sustainable, yet feeling like I'm making the absolute most of my life.



I wonder if I want to be closer to my BA class.



I am a little directionless.



Yet I know some of the things that are important to me... so.


Ex current team: over-transparency for sake of it McK people are of the kind where they have this self-efficacy.. they have this thought about their thoughts: that my thoughts are important, i want to share, my thoughts add value to others


At first, I was thinking of: year of consumption... but I'd be lying to myself if I said I'm not already a consumer, an active cog in the capitalistic western world that is the US.






People have good judgement of character 



Smart intuitive



When I find it surprising 


I'm incredibly thankful to be living in what a beautiful part of San Francisco. I'm thankful to have a wonderful, wonderful birthday where I'm straying from social media... 


Perhaps it was the immediate sunlight hit on my face as I stepped down those beautiful blue steps.



Perhaps it was the corresponding look up at the majestic, beautiful, beautiful buildings all abound me. The intricate carvings into the stone, framing the tall windows... hidden if you didn't explicitly stop time to look.



Perhaps it was the Spotify playlist of my Mix #2 - an energetic yet mellow beat filling my soul and directing my steps.



Perhaps it was the french school... with the *plaque, mom, beautiful boy, beautiful kids, preppy, that mom... the person i want to become in some / many ways



Perhaps it was... the joy, wonder, love of my life (my knowledge of my j in the gym)



Perhaps it was the flutter of the pigeons as they flew away from the sidewalk, with the sun-lit behind them and a beautiful framing - seeing them between buildings down a street, like a picture frame frozen in my mind.


+ideally broccoli, some chickpeas, blackened chicken, steelhead



+also i love the kale and lemon and a bit of the dressing it comes with, and maybe also adding the quinoa a bit (half quinoa half wild rice), and the pop of basil



chill crisp cucumbers , cukes


Your story and the story of Dibbs before, during, and after iVenture. Your story before during and after What have you learned transitioning from a social venture, to attending Watson University to focus on social change, to joining the SF office at McKinsey? What has been surprising? How have your entrepreneurialism and values been expressed in those different contexts?





Advice on success and living from bestselling authors, entrepreneurs, investors, executives, and creative people.— Read on forge.medium.com/33-things-i-stole-from-people-smarter-than-me-on-the-way-to-33-c38e368e5cb8

Things learned from INSIGHT 2020



always have a point of view, no matter how much you know the content



ASK GREAT QUESTIONS - as a consultant, we contribute by pushing thinking, helping clients think differently



Don't ramble



visual cues



interrupt with phrases (and practice) that acknowlege and build on



find an advocate "kat, did you have a comment?"



frame sorry for thank you: thank you for your time, thank you for letting me interject (reframing)


I finally do reach Platinum Elite Marriott status during lockdown. Incl finally getting access to the lounges!!!!!



At hotel brands that have lounges, you’ll have full access and complimentary breakfast. See terms and conditions for participating brands.



I wonder how to get the annual Choice Benefit?



also this? You must select your Choice Benefit(s) by Jan. 15 following the year in which you qualified; if you don’t, Marriott will automatically select five Suite Night Awards for you.


when someone is talking / thinking about you :P



depending on in China / India /etc.



things_learned







also:



Case Investigation Call Script



Thank you very much for your assistance. Again, your isolation period is completed after at least 10 days since your symptoms first appeared AND no fever for at least 24 hours (without fever-reducing medicine) AND your other symptoms have improved.


I revisit this question like clockwork.



What's important changes to my whims.



Deep work - I'm not so great at.



Looking around, everyone's looking around.



Here's what I do have:



My identity usually includes:



Words



Remember, Kathleen, who you were going .............



Later, remember the things you want to do while being back home!


And so happy and excited in McK meetings. Even virtual. 



People. Love love love the people. 



A feeling I get. 


about what i want in life?



to not burn out from mck i wonder if i want to just sustain myself and live a full life in my own mind (time to exercise, pursue hobbies fully?, freedom to be off computer all the time, focus on health, eating well / healthily)... how much $ would i need to have to do this? to pivot to this? ?????????i wonder also if i still do want to devote 3-5+ years onto my own business... something i really love :) and have fun doing... because i feel this is mutually exclusive to 2.



4. i've been thinking about... what to write about



and one of the things in my mind:



i) relationship learnings w J... ex: speaking expectations (when i hung out w him 1 day, my thoughts were like: i need to make the absolute most of this, cuz this is only a few hours i'd see him in between 2 weeks... whereas his mindset was: this is nice, but i'll be spending 5 full days w her after another week... in CO)



ii) on scaling the paper card idea....................



iii) ME to work w Nicole on figuring out ~2 sushi types she'd want to recreate :)



iv) ME to share w Nicole an idea on the video: about how you've worked on and have many ideas for projects, but you'd like to learn how to scale and make them really successful?







side note, perhaps to satisfy 1, 2, and maybe a bit of 3, I can use McK take time... 



meaning i'd earn still enough to achieve my goals, but ALSO have a vibrant life outside of McK work :))







more thoughts:



this is a brilliantly written article on mbas pro/cons: https://www.financialsamurai.com/is-an-mba-a-big-waste-of-time-and-money/ I'll write my first public medium post on "what is important" - and maybe my philosophy, and some musing on the romanticisim of hustle - i want to personally separate myself and the "tech" glamor... "vc" / private equity / etc. glamor. i don't think those things make me that happy. because they don't totally appeal to my values and what's important to and for me.also to write: "maximizing the MBA experience" (without one)... incl 1) looking up people who have MBAs... seeing what companies they've worked at on linkedin... doing research and setting up calls on things that seem interesting... 2) the international travel / bonding.. ?, 3) etc... and why not MBA... incl technical skills? nothing to lose? etc...? making most of "opportunity cost"possible future article to write (after I commit to Africa): "why Africa?"I want to pay for my sister's college if she can get into a private... and I also want to help her get into a private.I want to keep taking risks. in a way that i have nothing to lose in my 20s. also i want to ... what. ah perhaps not lose sight of what's important (incl my body / health)another related side thought: I don't want to be afraid of going into debt. Obviously avoidance is ideal. But I don't want to be afraid of risking it all and more.t



More thoughts:



I want to get more familiar with failure.... When I listen to a podcast of someone who has to hear No 40 times before a Yes, I can't relate. I don't want to get scared of failure, especially in my 20s.I want to stay gratefulSomething else..... side thought: i'm curious what the mormon core principles areside thought - i can't remember nowHow do I add value in ways disproportionate to others? What competitive advantage do I have? I think about these model women I look up to...... (possibly future: add a note with some of these women... Kalina Silversteen, the girl who's sister to the tall halfie guy who went to Sciences Po, the other girl who I follow on Instagram - JOY- who I found from stalking the guy I met in Argentina, also QUALITIES of these women, both physical and characteristical - e.g., Justin Bieber's wife Hailey Bieber, etc.)possible to do in the future: BE BETTER AT following up with people... sending a message / connecting afterwards... with like, hey - great meeting you (this one time) at X doing Yalso possible future: write about insights i've learned about the future of the world, during time in quarantine, incl:



i) digital presence of brands is utmost important.. like when now there are less physical footprints...



ii) direct to consumer is interesting to me. also because when there is less physical footprints



iii) digital forums and communities is v important... people when they don't see each other physically, they live in these bubbles where all they hear is from online sources (news / online friends posts / etc)


improve giving thoughtful, impromptu, executive summaries... i'm good at the day to day work... i need more practice in the higher forumsDD?


Parents .. what i choose to hear



Alter fellowship questions



would you recommend?what was your experience like? what did you love? what did you don't like?nariobi / tons in se asiaspencer had an awesome exp in lagos, nigeria (tech hub for subsarahan africa)... paystack had awesome fellows, etc... he had to leave in middle of fellowship and work remotely for 3 months.... super venture dependent... what's the relationship between the venture and the fellowship? cohorts?



alter and company relationship: pretty hands off... for this one, alter wasn't an investor... different if the company is something that alter is looking to invest in :)



cohort relationship: less strong cuz he was on a diff time zone (most ppl in se asia)... rn all cohort members are working remotely in turkey!!!! , indo, vietnam, bangladesh... - he was like the 1 person in Africa.... others were travelling and working remotely and meeting each other.



notes:



get accepted twice (1st w VCs, 2nd w startups)anything you didn't like: huge cockroaches..., HEALTH, gastrointestinal issues if you're not from the regionanti-maleria pillswhat were some of the things you learned?lagos - security.. worse than nyc... paystack: what were your responsibilitiesactual work: chief of staff role... assisting C-level management team with strategic/high important/operational projects, him: analytical - his firm poached by fb for data science fellows... ceo = PM, product team... market entry into Ghana!!! director of strategic growth - talked to people, synthesized, gave a presentation - about relationship building... Others: run as PMs!!!! directing eng teams on creating a new feature... choose your own adventure (it's a startup!!) (your directive is to help startup succeed / grow in any way possible).... others: head of growth! 



kenya, rwanda, s africa, w africa: nigeria, ghana; ivory coast



his startup got acquired by stripe! 



lagos = not v touristy friendly... not much to do...



vaccines outside of the US...?



Learned:



job / professional:personal: *his reason for why: he wanted to work internationally after college!! answer his q: what's it like working outside of the US... learning: WHAT IS AFRICA like.people in africa... have less but live their lives in a similar mental state (hope, optimism... w much less resources)nigeria corruption (visibly corrupt - vs US - less visibly corrupt)learned how to be more observant on his surroundings... he had a personal blog to observe / reflect... time for introspection + nice to share w others.there's a certain mindset that helps.... overall, even sucky things... are valuable learnings... be up for anything!! !!! it's definitely not easy. he hadn't lived in other places, but travelled a bit. he was only there for 3 mo!!! not full 6 mo!! but he thought 3 mo was perfect amount of time... no AC, no easily drinkable water, extreme water.connect w the person who runs the program: Taren - send email! - ask more q's on application process - logistical q's... 


Prep for possible call with Vanessa:










If I were to do this again:



Have the right team set up from the start (e.g., tester - manning the UAT smartsheet and more, trainer, someone manning the prod smartsheets, product manager - prioritize backlog and gather requirements, etc.)Have the right team norms... incl pushback on timelines and identifying reasons why Identify the right stakeholders and make sure they are / become the decision-makers for items in their arenaMaintain team cadences, set and communicate expectations... ex: weekly pushes? helps to communicate to all audiences all the changes we have made to prod.


Default mindset of: how can I help? From my mouth, I'd end up saying specific propositions of how I can help. HelpfulThought: I'm wondering: ?Positive thinking / outlook on any situationBeing ok w failure in some ways


Work on building something for 3-5 yearsBuild culture of LEARNING, incl "retros", feedback, and safetyCorrespondingly, build culture of being okay with failure and even expecting failure / experimentation... focusing on what works and trying a lot of things with prototyping.



I think I'd like to try this twice. Perhaps 1x before kids, 1x after kids.


Include engineers as part of product discovery (and in my opinion, especially in some product user testing...) so they can really see the user pains... helps with prioritization / understanding instead of PM needing to relay everything and having some information lost in translation.



Per Nordstrom video: don't just work in a lab... nothing gets shipped... Work at the place users are... 



FOCUS ON A PROBLEM that people have great pain for. BE OK with lots of pivoting. Also learned from another convo: work in a market space that is huge.


Last bullet: revisit and revise this every X months.


Add value in meetings as a lower tenure colleague by:



Have your files ON HAND - can pull up asapKNOW your numbers... know the key numbers inside and out... Jump in to share this information when questions about your topic is askedAlso totally agree, when I was even lower tenured: to align with the project lead on the meeting flight formation... if there are a few slides that you can voice over!



Source:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZg9nGwbjRs



Overview of what it is:



Next steps (using it for "good" / making myself the best version of myself.. and overcoming possible negative parts of it):





Grateful:



Continuous reflection, quickly noticing when a new detrimental action (that does not serve me) happens reoccuringly and is on track to become a habit.


Hair lossBrain fog.... this is annoying. examples: hard to pay attentionRecently, idk if this is Covid though: 1) feeling really cold, 2) FATIGUE - feeling really tired often, and overall perhaps not having as much energy as before - to jump around, do anything i wanted anytime, ... etc., 3) sore-ish throat, 4) sometimes (tho p rarely) my chest / breathing deeply isn't there..., 5) recently, feeling a wild hunger. part of being cold? where if I'm even a bit hungry, I don't feel good / comfortable... then overeating? or idk if I am, because I eat till my body feels good (not till when it doesn't)... I just know I've felt bigger - in my stomach, in my face, in my thighs... in my pants, and my weight has been highest it's ever been... 140lbs per the scale here!!



If I were to do this again:



I'd be more sure of my boundaries, breathe deeply to understand what's important. Not work while I was sick. Not work long hours and on weekends immediately the weeks right after I felt a bit better. Not lying to my manager / teammates that I feel "totally better"... I thought I did, compared to how terrible I felt when I was sick. But I was not totally better. 3+ months later, I'm still not.



Would've still done:



Prioritized not risking ANY exposure to my family.


Family:



*how we've gotten closer, how precious this time has been



Friends:



*how my closest friends incl ones I've met X months ago...*how I've gotten so much closer to many friends... met more people, from living with them!



Relationship:



*space gave us growth- dive deeper into the ways.


My leadership statement:



International expansion on projects. For a cool international start-up. In Asia or Africa. THERE ARE SO MANY COOL COMPANIES!!



Examples:



....


Building community



Incl Pros and CONS



cons: shorter term friendships? work considerations



Considerations: so many! incl wifi, shared space, etc..., shared finances / groceries. house dinners 3, setting intentions, duration


questions to consider:



On VC v. personal growing: ?



Guiding principles: 1) go all in? 80-20 rule... spending X amount of time on a project full time (X weeks / months for a Y type project, Z years for a Q type business) ... instead of side-projects, because of all these reasons. (impact! more impact :), limit burn-out), 2) spending $X... because time is also so valuable, so go all-in INCL on $ investments if I'm devoting my time to it!, 3) stop-criteria?



on hiring / people: ?



Subbullets: on founding team, on equity?, on mentorship



On topic: ? how big should the trend be?, how passionate do I need to be about the topic? 



On priorities: acquiring customers!, consistency in moving forward


Possibly change title to be more in tune? 



Intro: context: my 2021 is focused on personal intellectual growth and prioritizing that :) and mention growing trend of inundation of content "in an Attention-Scarce Environment" = more need than ever to be deliberate in how we spend our time and the ways we ingest content and learn.



Personal Online:



How I get my news / learning about the world. Which are the sources? 



Incl my insight (maybe put this under the Finance post): news / podcasts / email news - are REACTIVE... about what's already happened... in analyzing trends, I should predict myself, write down and have corresponding steps (incl perhaps investing), and get some people's opinions, but DO NOT think that others are righter than me... listen to others' thoughts, but don't anchor on them - think critically for myself... because by the time it's picked up by news (ideally months later - from the pandemic exp :P), it's "too late" for the biggest gains. So diversify, get in, HOLD for X months through the tops and bottoms. HAVING a strategy helps make sure I buy more when things bottom, and sell maybe Y% after Z% rise



Book list that I want to read in 2021 (revisited on a Z basis): ...



Work intentional learning: Incl my learning goals / exps I want to try in my next 12 months at McK?, incl doing L1 / L2 online trainings!! and a plan!



Maybe intro or conclusion, mentioning how 2020 prioritized lifestyle / learning new hobbies - and listing them out... and 2021, I want to try out being more focused now in other things :) 



Maybe when I live back with family in CH, to take virtual singing lessons every week??? For X (6-8?) weeks... and maybe do it with mom and sister. 



other tactical tips: diminishing notifications


Make friends with the messages from the "imposter" within you. As Adam Grant says in his new book "Think Again", imposterism is when your competence is greater than your confidence. And, it's actually a pretty useful catalyst for working harder, working smarter and increased learning. So, embrace it. Plus, "that which we resist, persists." Looking at your feelings of being an imposter, recognizing them, naming them, takes away some of their power. 



“the head is a lovely place to visit but we wouldn’t want to live there.”Instead of adding more knowledge, often what we need is remove stuff particularly barriers. Like blocking beliefs or the stories we tell ourselves about our worthiness.“We walk around in shoes far too small for us.” Carl Jung



Wise words posted from Christine C from a FB women in tech group.


I'm tired... Here's an essay about my tiredness.



Without health, I don't have anything.



Story about lesson learned? Usually my day is completely packed and "efficient"- from wake up to meditation to a fast paced virtual job to exercise and sleep. 



And how, when I don't have my health, I can't do ANY of that. 



Crazy how this world works. Crazy how my head hurts on this computer?



Crazy how ................. where am I going? Soon, I'll need intention on it.... to go all the way in the right direction for a few years. 



Also I don't feel that productive either in the Texas apartment or the Wework office. Ooof.



New thought? 



perhaps on leave of absence... on 


A blessing! Freedom to do anything I want to in the moment. I can ask newer friends to hang out (swim in Barton Springs, yoga, etc), I can meet new friends virtually from connections of my current friends, I can spend amazing time alone 3. I love my backup "plans" of playing some music, drinking some tea, cooking?, eating at La Casa de Luz, journaling, watching a Netflix movie or show.






Hello readers, this is my SO and I. I'm the asian woman on the right! 



my SO + I eating barria tacos in Austin, TX



Examples where I've felt we've built greater empathy for the world through dating each other:



I can relate deeper to more people: On a phone call this weekend with one of my friends, I learn that she doesn't really care about celebrating birthdays at all, especially her own. I would've been incredulous (from my own perspective of loving , but birthdays (Saba)... working weekends? / work / guilty feeling ? (Nicole)He can relate deeper to more people: Asian violence / minorities - fear etc



A new lens to see the world, outside of one's own. I've heard a similar thing happens when one has kids! 


I am beyond lucky. I am beyond thankful. 



For one, a big one, I am in love. I have the man in my life that treats me like an absolute Goddess. 



Everything I say, 



I learn more about myself. I learn that, when I'm in a mood, I make a big deal of the really small things, that wouldn't bother me otherwise.


The artisan, mostly dark chocolate shelf hidden out of sight - for my indulgent moments ;)


1. Gmail



What is energy - sustainable?






passage of it...



marked by 



dogs - each time i'm home



babies / dogs / marriage - one year



having those bigger milestones (often near start / end of life) - my life (middle of life) feels like it moves faster



without those milestones, my life feels slower


professional:



personal:



some directional goals for my life:



i ought to aim higher - for multiple milestones instead of just one.



instead of questioning the point of things



1 - financial freedom :)



2 - build something cool, that i believe in, that i find interesting, larger than life vision



3 - continue learning, building and maintaining important friendships


I wish I wrote about my start up journey during college. I felt like I was constantly learning so much! This will be the next iteration of learning, reflecting, writing.



Dear readers, I am moving to Africa. Nairobi, Kenya in particular. I am beyond excited. Right now, I am scheduled to be in Kenya for 6 months. I haven't arrived to Kenya yet, but already I feel that I need more time there. 



Here are some of my goals before I go:






I wish I had checkboxes



from 10:30-11am, get some OAF work donefrom 11:20-1pm, play some tennis with dad :)from 1:30-2:30pm, figure out chase and money stuff for Kenyafrom 2:30-3:10pm, get 2nd vaccine doseonwards....misc things to sort through:*rydoo reimbursement of rxbars, *rydoo reimbursement of another meal....... (~$40 prob, caribean blue meal? or a grocery thing...), *rydoo reimbursement of internet bills! (once dad sends), *McK stuff to do - timesheet and my right eye feels weaker, exercise and ask eye doc about that??charlie - vet - talk to the technician!, follow up on itask my travel doc for altitude prescriptions? also pay express scripts :PTAXES - ask mom for help on this later today - thankful for mom 3


What does work hard mean? What does it mean if I don’t feel like I’ve worked hard?



We do what we know. I do what I like to do. Putting in 15+ hours / day towards making progress in something I can be proud of, is just that… putting in time. 



Then there are periods of my life that I put in less than 10 hours per day towards some goal (usually “work” related). I think I’m just as happy (surprisingly, not much happier) when I “work” less at my job tasks than if I’m putting in the 15+ hours / day (just weekdays though!). Both cases are assuming I’m working the same amount of “smart” or efficient. 



At my age, I’ve already defined what success looks like to me. I’m not sure if I’m less “ambitious” professionally than I was before, or if I’m just more patient. Acknowledging that the more surefire way to my goals requires putting in the time and acquiring experiences that are difficult to compress or overlap in required time. 



Potentially being incredible in multiple things. But I don’t know or I doubt that doing more things would help me with my current things that give more impact. 


I want us to create a life on our terms, not based on what's societally the norm, but based on what works and fulfills us to the core.



I want us to have an airtight plan, but also have a wide range of flexibility when inevitably, life deviates off course from it.



Honestly, the biggest thing is that I want us to design our own lives, not needing to abide by the societal norm lives that others before us have defined.


My OKRs from OAF / Kenya:



Professional: Learn how to scalePractice managing / leading othersIdeate - X ideas / week or so, research validity of Y of them in the same weektopic learning: *last mile delivery / logistics, loan repayments / financing, and marketing!!!



Personal: Learn more about the Africa entrepreneurial ecosystem - meet X people, have Y conversationsBuild X lasting friendships :)Adventure! - X adventures?, building Y stories, trying out Z new things



Personal professional goals? - I want to see how much of the corporate training I can bring to non-profit world... see new needs (already - I see how tech dev would be helpful to have!), see how an effective non-profit operates - how they've been able to recruit great talent?, etc.














to read during periods of uncertainty.







Boy, do you remember your wine stained t-shirt, a souvenir from that evening you persisted in opening our wine bottle to put some wine in a water bottle so that we could drink wine and watch the sunset from a bridge look out point you drove us to, when I had a headache and was feeling stressed with work.



When you show up for me every time I ask... What are the detailed stories that my mind cannot find?






Good thing too! Because I'm currently here!



More learnings:



I actually feel very convinced right now that I don't want to do a MBA Opportunity cost is so great!! My goals for doing a MBA (I feel like I'd accomplish through 2 years of fun working experience!)



Thankful for being here. Thankful for Africa. Thankful for McKinsey. Thankful for my supportive family.



Ok back onto the McKinsey analysis:






Communication 



Be more okay with saying less. (people tend to over communicate which leads to less effective communication and presence.) + pauses / silences are powerful!



Saying less filler words like "Um, etc"



Posture! - horse story



Basically, a learning I've had here is on leadership - gives me a compelling "why" for personal self improvement!!!


This part: 


What that means:



That I should be an excel wizard. Shortcuts, no needs for touching my mouse, able to do anything! If I'm recruited for a role, I would need to brush up on Excel through some videos - prob from Firm Learning.



Things that earlier mentors have told me. I am still very appreciative of the people I met and were mentored by at McK.



Tag: Thoughts



Another thought: I miss Wordpress. This beautiful crisp white page.



Also, possible habits to start / keep:



Regularly sanitize / wipe my computer keyboard, phone, and glasses - (as well as change my pillow cases) - to reduce bacteria :)









Checklist: * mention something about how it's needed for the previous day too? 







Most important things to have done the previous day to have a solid next day:



30 - 60 min of exerciseGoing to bed before 11pmStop eating 


Do you remember that college summer, when you brought me to the rope swing overlooking Lake Okoboji?



You told me, ever since you were a boy coming here on summer vacations, you've wanted to take your future girlfriend to this spot.



Do you remember, my flower dress and Birkenstocks. Tip-toeing to kiss you while balancing on the swing.



I remember thinking - I don't want him to kiss anyone else here. I wanted to be your first and last love brought to these swings.







Do you remember 



***Fireworks



excited and exhausted...



fireworks in my heart







Star-gazing from the boat! shooting stars! w dad 3 







Hahaha that time we took a nap? "overslept"? and your dad walked in on us, and we rushed to cover our naked bodies with the blanket we were on top of







Bike rides... to the church upon a hill, sunset, biking to podcasts







I remember - checking my meeting schedule for the next day - and when I had no morning meetings till 9/10am, then we would jump into the boat around 7/8am to get water skiing in!







Conclusion: Do you remember - transition to - a life successfully lived - memories tucked into my mind book 






Solidifying my life in some regards



1. I’m not the biggest fan of cities anymore. My childhood appeal seemed to be the beautiful ambitious people that littered these streets. A sense of being an “adult.” 



Now, living in a city is expensive! It’s hard to get to nature-y spots, and probably the biggest for me right now is that I don’t feel like I have a solid friend group in these US cities anymore… Less group event invites, etc.



2. On Nairobi…………..



There are a few articles I’d like to write about on this topic. I’ll write one on the next draft post.



3. And on where I’m going



Perhaps a few places… For 2022, I’ll work for some work-life balance and use my spare time to read, write, spend time in nature and with good people (trying to optimize for kite surfing!!! few months doing this would be ideal, being able to work remotely while doing this for a few months, and then maybe taking a few days off as well to get better at this. Ideally I’ll be able to go upwind and downwind and do a few jumps by end of the year!!!). While I’m living closer to cities, I’d like to improve on horseback riding. Just spending a year to advance in hobbies that I enjoy. Low expectations :)



Another wild thought to think about - that there is so much money out and about in this world. 


Thoughts.


Wow! I have a whole world ahead of me! I’m 25. I can spend 1-2 more years learning and learning (I really don’t think I need a MBA and instead will maximize my learning from jobs that interest me, like CoS!). Then I can spend… honestly nearly the rest of my life! Building projects that I’m interested in, that could bring unfair potential upsides! 



Damn on life. Money can accumulate. I’m around 200k this year…. Huh. I wonder if my equity is now 4x what I joined at, meaning I’d be at 120*4 = 480k / year and more in equity? I think that’s what it means right?



Maybe that’s something for me to look up more on… what stock options mean! Incl what happens if company valuation goes up. 



Another thought: I feel like I’m in the best place possible. I’m at a cool role at a startup that’s in a “tidal wave” of the times. I’m paid just not enough to pour my life into my work. To be able to have a good amount of work life balance and coverage. Versus for example if Nishad wasn’t here! My job lets me accomplish the 3 goals I have, listed in the other private post.



Ok time to write more about Thank You Kenya.



Thank you Kenya - you’ve shown me the femme I was looking for. The femme I was working towards finding first, to then become! 



On this femme, it’s a sense of near complete self-assuredness. More certainty on what I myself like, want, and will go for. 



I’ve realized that I very highly value freedom above near all. I’ve learned what this means and how I can embody this. I know that I feel stuffy when I’m in cities too long. 



Freedom, incl on movement. I am happiest when I’m pushing my body to new limits and doing things I find thrilling. Like kitesurfing, horseback riding, surfing. I am optimizing for some sort of self-fulfilling flow. I don’t get enough of this when I live in cities. I’m not close enough to the trees and beautiful clay ground called Earth. 



On freedom, I value expression. I value a high quality of life while spending relatively minimally - another tenament of my freedom being financial freedom. Knowing that this money, when I put it in automatic investments, will pay great dividends in the future. 



On companies, I feel more hyper aware that this world is just built and led by PEOPLE. And I continuously feel closer and closer to that sense of People.



Another thought on cities - there feels like too many people. I get lost on the seemingly unimaginable expanse of quantity. 



My gaze softens when Jordan’s near.



I like bodas because they also represent a sense of freedom. I can hop in one for less than $1 / ride, and get nearly anywhere with no traffic (they weave through traffic)!



I liked the beautiful clothes from Toi Market and artisanal made jewelry. 



Weird to think no one has a say on how I spend my whole days



I loved the spaces I lived at, the spaces I worked at! The beautiful clean outdoorsy-ness. Green spaces. Just gorgeous interior design and minimal plastic. Relatively minimal disposableness and waste - where did we go so wrong on this here in the western world?



Ok, beyond an overall reflection on Kenya, I want to dig into my mind for documentation on my last day there. 



Kenya last day - digging into my memory



I remember the night prior to my last day being pretty great, tho I’d have to check if it was a Friday or Saturday. It was a Friday. I left on Saturday night, I remember now because I was bummed about missing out on Sunday yoga at the arboretum.



Ok so Saturday morning:



Woke up in my wonderful beautiful bed and room. Breakfast! Full circle, I’m remembering now. My first Kenyan friend came over a bit late (but it was okay, because I was doing something?). Mae and her bf also were over in the morning and bought supplies to cook CREPES! I made French toast :) We also had two kinds of tea - masala chai and Japanese rice tea. It was wonderful!! A bunch of my roomies came too. We had banana and Nutella crepes, and honey and lemon crepes, and the other kind Mae recommended was butter and something, but that one would’ve been a lot less healthy! So we didn’t do that. My Kenyan friend brought me a keys to success book :)



Clue 1 that I didn’t see in the moment, when I asked one of my roomies who came by what he was doing later that day, he gave an answer that turned out not to be a full truth so I wouldn’t find out about a surprise! Also, I was like, I want to give you a hug in case I don’t see you again before I leave, and he was like don’t worry I’ll see you again. And I was like, ok so to confirm, you’ll have to be here then at THIS specific time (I was going to be back by around then to pack before going to the airport). 



Then we were going to go to the Christmas market in Karen with a few friends, however we were running low on time… Mae told me lunch was at 130… I then also heard her calling them and asking about a reservation. For context, I was expecting about 4 of my roomies for a small lunch at hot pot, and didn’t think too much on this.



So instead of going to the Christmas market, we went to my favorite place in Nairobi, the arboretum! Did a walk around, then took a ride to hotpot. At hotpot upon entrance, Mae asked again about the reservation. I was still confused. Then I saw a HUGE table with Zach sitting at the head of it!! Wow. 



Just still feeling in awe of the love.



Of the joy, and happiness, of these incredible people who care and do so much for me, with no expectation of return.



Other thoughts to expand on next I’m more on my phone / computer:



The amazing 2 cakes my roomies ordered for me before I left! The amazing trip to the airport (incl the full moon and the fireworks and man Mae is the best!!!! Aw when she cried when we were leaving)



And Sam the driver who carried all my stuff… and getting into the express lane into the airport, and just having an incredibly swift journey on the way back.



Everything… just felt. Too perfect!






v vivid


first: on optimizing for options - how i personally did it - and why i think it's ideal for people like me.... cuz like ex: marketing / cooking / whatever it is... being a SME - limits your freedom to change later on... leading maybe to some peoples' mid-career crisis? 



2nd to write on... what was it!!!!


thesis:



can do non remote stuff at any time... the life feels capped at a local maxima, vs global: more global maxima!examples, like locally - things to do would be like the specific restaurants / grocery stores / fitness classes / etc hobby offerings of that place.... maybe another thought about the future of my generation: thinking about: the local / global maxima - how we can adjust and change things we previously couldn't as much, like where we raise our kids!!!! ....



On home base, what I want from it:



Candles, plants, clean / I don't want to own much at all!! (continue this :))))))), futon sofa for others to crash in living room :)speakers?beautiful lights :)teamaybe some eccentric decoration stuff? nice quality stuff!!!


ex: jobs - how you perform in them?



ex: job recruiting process - when you have some competing offers from companies who REALLY want you, vs the feeling of your worth when this doesn't happen... and how that affects oneself, but really, it's so external... a part of this is luck - based on the companies you are talking to / apply to... and based on macro stuff like which companies are hiring / luck if they really want you for your specific skill sets... etc.


TBH I really like it here and am thankful to be here.



Another kind of TBH, I’ll likely take a sleep pill tonight? To wake up around 6 tomorrow and jog towards Cristina!










Starting a series of posts reflecting on the mental models and quirks of a 25 y/o Kat 



At an intimate and (replenishing?) GoodPeople (to tag them :P) team dinner in San Francisco last month, our (insert word for real?) speaker (insert name) challenged us to each answer the question: “What are you optimizing for?”



Upon a few moments of reflection, my answer became sure and stark in my mind: Freedom.



Paragraph about why? / overview



Specific examples: (maybe some story telling?)



(Prob for myself ex, not for publishing necessarily:) I don’t want to have a dog until I have a kid. (I really want a dog, but I know that sometime in my life, I’ll have kids….



Another point I want to get across: how I make decisions. “Allocatively efficient” , again to maximize opportunities and correspondingly, Freedom. 



Examples in the past:



*Studying industrial engineering in undergrad - optimize for opportunities



*same with consulting after undergrad 



*honestly same with my current role, CoS at Turing. 



Sometime in this post, mention why I’m obsessed with Freedom? (something about happiness?)



Story of feeling claustrophobic 



physically - in Tanzania… 



Maybe another example too?… maybe when I was in UIUC? And needing to bike around



Basically, convey how I learned each are impt, cuz when I don’t have them, then I don’t feel as great! So I calibrate my life and what I do accordingly then.



Why is Freedom important to me? Ultimately, it provides me with opportunities to live my life in a way that I want to, thereby being a somewhat direct correlation to personal satisfaction and happiness. 



Why is each Freedom important to me? Fundamentally, each freedom allows me to learn and have fun - the two things that make me happy. Or something like how Freedom is directly tied to happiness for me? Freedom is the controllable input to happiness. Thus, why I’d rather optimize for something controllable than the output (less controllable) of happiness. 



Also maybe mention somewhere how optimizing for Freedom maximizes opportunities for me. OH maybe freedom is a combination of Opportunity and Choice. Choice / free will actually does make a difference and is part of what freedom means… to be able to have diff opportunities and the ability to choose which to pursue.



What does Freedom mean to me?



(Side thought: there’s another Asian person -guy- at this cafe! Who i think also speaks not fluent Spanish? I hope to talk to him and meet him!) update: darn he’s leaving and I wanted to be friends with him!!!!! I think it’d be cool to travel with someone else who’s kind of new. Perhaps me to just approach people next time!! Cuz he also would be wanting to visit and explore Bogota I’d think? + I like connection. Plus there’s some sort of comfort ness when the connection relates to you in some ways. Prob from N America, also Asian!



The following dimensions of Freedom are most important to me:



Physical freedom (the health of my physical body, the ability to have a range of movement)Financial freedomMental freedom Professional freedom (incl skills….)Time freedomBorn-with freedoms (non controllable but jotting it here for freedoms that I’m incredibly grateful for)



Maybe to write about, how these dimensions of freedom correlate? 



Physical freedom - this means ensuring my physical body is healthy, fit, and able to move. This freedom is important to me because it allows me to try new things, keep learning, achieve flow state with physical activities. For example, as opportunities come up, I can say yes and have fun with people: e.g., ski trips, hiking trips, most any sport! When I engage in movement (from acroyoga / aerial yoga / paddleboard yoga, to biking to kite surfing to rock climbing to playing tennis) I nourish my body and my mind. I can think clearer. I feel more at peace and fulfilled. (Maybe to add: tbh I need to continue this, these are continuous never ending habits / routine. That can always be improved, like my eyesight / posture etc. Also perhaps that these are active habits, because still relatively easy to revert on these.)



How I optimize physical freedom: prioritize and take care of my health! Prioritize getting good sleep - having a good bed / sleep environment, getting enough time in sleep. Prioritize physical care in terms of what I eat (I’ve learned what kinds of food, how much I eat, and when I eat could optimize my energy and thus my physical movement abilities). In what I drink (lots of water! :P). Skincare like SPF, moisturizer, etc. Dental care like flossing, brushing teeth / drinking water after eating acidic or too sweet stuff. Running / lifting / exercising with proper form to minimize injuries. Prioritizing getting at least around 30 min of exercise each day. Ideally a bit more in outdoors ways over the weekend. When I can, walk / bike / take stairs / move in the ways I get around. Staying healthy / avoiding getting sick through (in addition to the things I mentioned above) avoiding things that are or could be detrimental to me (e.g., limiting alcohol, substances, too much screen time when I can, not dressing for the weather, combining wet hair out of the shower with cold atmosphere or windy / drafty atmosphere - I’ve learned that somehow this combination takes a drastic blow to my immune system without fail… Perhaps mention that part of this is habits / identity? And like habits stacking over time to have a comprehensive lifestyle with these habits? With acquiring one or a few each time I build habits.



Financial freedom - this freedom enables me to pursue the things that I want to - without money being a barrier. this freedom was bought from a mixture of things. 1) choice of initial education / skills acquisition (I knew that engineering would allow me a baseline of skills to get myself a job where I would be paid enough), 2) learning of the world of what’s enough for me… tbh it’s really not a lot at all! I guess this first started with thinking more on what I want in life / what’s important to me in life. And then figuring out how much that costs. This mental understanding brought financial freedom with it! When I kept thinking about fundamentally, what do I want? What do I need? 3) making $ and keeping $ in the “bank”: on making money, I did try to work for a few years to save some $ to ensure that I could have enough $ to do the potential path I may want to take after that would take the most $ (starting a business). For keeping $: part of 2) is that I just spent my $ in a “smart”ish way - in accordance to what I need / what makes me happy. 



Mental freedom: I think this is a pretty underrated freedom tbh. It’s a building block to happiness, and achieving sustained success in the other freedoms. Closely correlated to other freedoms like physical freedom. Emotional Stability, mental clarity, happiness / good people around me… With my family and BF and friends!! Maybe part of this is acting the way that I’d want others to treat me.



Professional freedoms: this also helps me optimize for opportunities, since my professional career is what I spend the majority of my time in my life on. This is also fairly tightly correlated with financial freedom. Professionally, I almost always want to be in careers where I can be learning… I feel like I’ve kind of gotten lucky that: I’ve never chosen or passed on a job so far because of how much it pays. Instead, I have a mentality that for each thing I do, tbh I would pay to do it, because I’m real life learning things that are interesting to me! Examples: fellowship at CentraleSupelec and Watson - mention what I was intentional in learning in both and the people I surrounded myself with in those communities. Consulting at McK (vs almost double starting salary in some tech roles). Non Profit OAF in Kenya. And now where I’m at in terms of CoS at Turing. (Again mention what I want to learn in each). Maybe even mention: maybe freedom in switching to IE vs ECE in college? Maybe / maybe not that relevant. Or maybe: one summer working on my startup. I was able to make each decision despite higher near term financial opportunities costs. Because I knew what I wanted, what makes me happy (e.g., what I’d learn and the people I’d surround myself, and the freedom it would offer me after - because of the two things listed…) (perhaps then mention it’s because I could think of these in terms of both immediate and longer term freedom optimization decisions; then these became a no brainer)… btw also in this section maybe mention what skills i acquire and why for optimization of opportunities? Incl like coding! Earlier on - since tech is so big, and wanting to stay in tech and being able to speak the same language as engineers / know how to work with engineers because I have some experience with it.



Time freedom: Maybe freedom to make choices? To make changes. TBH Idk about this one. Maybe like, for some people, they’re tied down for various reasons. Or like, how I make decisions with this in mind? We each as human beings have the same amount of time in this world. Once we commit to something, then that means we can’t use that limited amount of time for something else. Maybe my time freedom comes from my age? My macro environments? TBH I’ll prob scratch this one.



Born-with freedoms. I can’t neglect the large amount of freedoms that I’ve been so blessed to be born with. Freedoms that I can’t change, freedoms that I definitely should not take for granted. There freedoms are gifted from my parents. Or write something like: each freedom I’ve listed above stems directly from privileges in my life that I do not take for granted. 



My body - perhaps how as a family, we often joke “good genes” - tbh tho yes this a lot! Healthy body, without genes to gain weight easily? Being lean and tall !! Input to the optimizing of my physical freedomStability at home / with my family (input to optimizing of my emotional freedom)Education - ties into my financial / education / professional opportunitiesMy passport - ties into my physical freedom? To be able to live in different places? But also somewhat financial freedom? Being able to easily travel to different places - also being able to afford really good lives at those other countries. My parents’ habits / ways of living and how they brought us up: being financially literate, being growth minded, prioritizing our health! Being open minded, sense of wonder, etc. Also how they gave us all they know from the world and gave us the mentality to go and continue to explore more. (And my parents’ values they’ve instilled in us by living by example: hard work ethic, continuous learning, optimizing for opportunity, positivity outlook / gratitude, etc.)Language skills / my culture skills - being Chinese, being able to speak Chinese - the rich culture I have from this that I can connect to X B (1.2?B) people in the world because of this.Also macro trends in this world have given me many freedoms that I’ve taken advantage of / made the most of. Ex: lots of jobs available it feels like, the remote ecosystem after a year or so of getting to work in person first, women / minority / diversity have a lot more opportunities now than ever before… / etc. Plus I’m lucky to have gotten these trends at times of my life where I can take advantage of them!


the side to hide



are the multiple 3-letter acronyms to the right of her name



in signatures, in social platforms, in professional networks



--- 



is the  











mention the childhood, things to overcome... 



chasing ambition , $ as a social status for achievement ? , 



then back story - chip on shoulder? etc.


Each year, I feel myself getting closer to the person I've always wanted to become.



And beyond. 



Power of visualization for instance.



For instance, in high school, I remember finding out / seeing people in the following - around college / right out of college age:



these are mostly linked together :)



on dress / body / fitnesson careeron boyson lifestyle / finances ?on friends ? 



Vignettes on visualization:



Chicago people - the people who were young professionals, the way they dressed like they had places to beGeorgetown - similar + the guy  guy who were holding tennis racquets and i thought were v attractiveSciences Po dual degree program videos - well dressed, intellectual, etc.



As a child, I wanted to be a writer. My favorite thing to do was read. I'm pushing further towards this in 2022. 



In addition in HS, I also wanted to lead an impactful international organization. That's where I'm going to go in my 30s.



Things I couldn't imagine getting tbh:



people - my friends, my family, my BF. this is a cornerstone for me.


the caffeine cursing through your veins



thankful for small habits:



sleeping before 11pm (10-11pm is my sweet spot)eating mixture of greek yogurt + flavored yogurt + granola for breakfast (good protein without feeling too tired)then working at this coffee shop - and having relatively minimal work meetings! freedom 3 thankful.


high school people



super bowl



toni ademeyi - nyt book bestseller



jeremy cai - serial entrepreneurs



--



also just looking around, feels like people i know / been in vicinity have become leaders in their field



sam kolder - middle school



amara + jacob - publishing cool



steph niu - poetry book



others who'



side thought: ugh the auto-save didn't work! 



i wrote a bunch of other thoughts, incl on feelings for the future... how we're currently only in our mid-20s. alas.... lesson learned: for me to click "save draft" more often; and for me to c/p words when they're not saved.


in reflection of my .... cohort experiences ... 



mention other experiences:



say stanford week prior to school etc



Patterns... look at past group experiences i've really enjoyed and jot some of these down... 



Later in short list / wide publications: add photos of groups 3 



What characteristics? 



incl like people i can reach back out to ? and i want to? to catch up etc.



benefits - cool :P



cohort experiences.....



anything on "how" in designing these experiences? incl tactical stuff?


and how to operate in a world where there is so much noise



thought to explore: in the crypto space.



e.g., so many startup founders / ceos / etc., everyone in some tech incubator, everyone raised some sort of money, everyone having a white paper and a discord / telegram chat space



is the answer = no one knows?



similar for when public financial markets go up and down dramatically.... lots of noise, not a lot of signal...



my main approach is to pull back and let things figure itself out and engage during periods of more stability



when is there "right" time to engage during period of "instability"?


justin bieber's justice album



taylor swift's evermore album



tbh that's about it.



maybe others like blackbear etc.



currently a few others:



bloom - paper kites album 



only child - sasha album



chainsmokers- memories do not open album :)


woke up early to an expected call this morning - thankful for how i've been usually getting so much solid sleep recently. appreciative for a lot



went through an abusive relationship in college - grateful  for 1) ...., 2)....



when something doesn't go right in life, be thankful. you're getting stronger AND it means you've had it really good prior .... so helps you think more about what you can be thankful for / more appreciative for.... 



life is easier this way.


intro: maybe mention how recently, some friends with whom i've shared this blog have been inspired to blog too! so here are some tips from my lessons learned these last X years.







don't go for perfection - there are incredible very public blogs out there- when you start, you won't get there



(my personal exp: i wrote A LOT on mostly paper notebooks / some on evernote / diff online mediums, felt A LOT, grew A LOT my first years of college - one of most formulative times in my life in so many ways - I don't have any of this anymore. )



back then, i was super angsty? / SO much emotion - relationships especially, from an emotionally volatile, naive (first loves / etc), and feeling place, I wrote a lot of emotionally charged (i think beautiful pieces) - i also had SO MANY thoughts here that I didn't write about... why? I was too busy designing my perfect blog format - here, mention hosting, designing / ghost.io subscription, photos, all the stuff that I realized (too late) doesn't matter to start.



then talk about my story with just doing it (first post) - and easiest thing - wordpress!







just write. publish in private - helps to sustain yourself. more words about the "audience of 1"



write about topics that you're interested in + i think it's easier to write about things you know! + things you naturally think about regularly



*longevity / sustaining the habit =  reaping the biggest benefits (from my experiences)



also to make it more sustaining - make there to be positive feedback loops (for me, I feel happier / sense of accomplishment after writing something :P)



also maybe on scheduling posts (+ not committing to need to publish each week / day etc when you're on a "steady state") - reasons why - again audience of 1 (at least for me, i'm really doing this for myself!!) something super selfish i can do.



when to commit to writing everyday for a "sprint" - is for like a "reset" or habit making stage.







it's fine to have private posts or drafts. write when you have inspiration, and then add some bullets on content for that piece. 



lesson learned from: way too many just titles of posts in my drafts; that looking back, I am genuinely interested / curious as to what I had to say and feel about those times, but just the title is not enough..... having just bullets is good enough for me to write out more later, or for me to look at it and remember better :)



on writing, try to flush out pieces in the moment. good habit to build to. it's more meaningful to publish something than have 50+ unpublished drafts. (analogous to startups - so many - esp from personal exp - get caught in pre-launch ideating / perfecting / planning, but there's no real impact till a launch / getting things out in the real world) 



it's a lot harder to get into that mentality of specific inspiration later on.



also ok to pivot ideas- again you're writing for yourself, and what you want to do. there are deeper topics i've been meaning to write for a while (e.g., perspectives of debt in emerging markets), but haven't yet, and it's ok! write what you feel like. don't make it feel like an obligation  like school work etc... then it's easier to procrastinate then







jot down things / plan out things? - for ideas?



also structure helps for writing longer pieces?



on peer editing - personally i don't do much of this (cuz private blog :P), and also I feel like - it makes your friends "have to" read all the pieces you ask for edit (vs when you "private publish" - and people come on your site, they can read just the ones that they are genuinely interested in)



On editing - separate time for editing than creation process . read what you write after you write it - either a few minutes after to a few days? - tbh i'm not the best at editing so not sure if these are best tips tbh



also on bulleting structure in drafts - this is helpful for me to think more on posts content throughout the days that my post is in draft, and i can easily go back and edit / add in:) - instead of writing / brainstorming part needing to be all in 1 sitting







maybe conclusion: end w benefits i've felt from these years of "blogging"



e.g., benefits: 



supplement my memory - i like going back and those references bring me back to a more "Exact" time i felt something / learned something - cool trackingfundamentally: i hope it accelerates my learning! documentation of things learned from all sources (e.g., podcasts, work / on the job, interesting conversations, observations, books, and more) into one place i like sitting down and reflecting - makes me feel like i'm creating something fundamentally of my own.



maybe tbh take a screenshot of these bullets / thoughts to show my initial writing stages and how i flush things out later







done, screenshots below of my initial structure (took literally 10 minutes to structure - with jittery hands from a caffeinated self):










Why: better than social media



My backlog currently for March :) - with some continuation from Feb:




https://www.themarginalian.org/2021/11/11/jane-hirshfield-for-what-binds-us/
do some poems from this website?




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVNdvkXTe1Eab_channel=RobertReich
videos from him



Language transfer - currently going through Spanish quickly - next Swahili :)Libby - my audio books: Pachinko, Free Food for Millionaires, ..... + maybe some blog posts from specific bloggers?


In the last month, I've conducted ~30 interviews with candidates for work.



Here are what makes some of my favorite interviews:



(mention things that I do that facilitate this?)



(mention things that interview does to facilitate this?)



Here are some of my favorite questions that interviewees ask me:



...


how to best define it and make sure that 



ex-consultants.. exec - needlemoving stuff...planning / ingestroles / responsibilities ... examples


things learned from McK - that when I don't have as much subject matter expertise compared to people who've built their careers on the subject (function or industry for example), here are ways that I can still add value, gain trust and positive views from execs / experts / longer tenured people:



....Spending more time ... Speaking eloquently when I do talk. share screen / present docs easily - know that stuff inside and out!being funny / breaking the ice? ^maybe part of that, listening well! so that you can bring in the details too there in referencing things - makes you more likeable






i haven't had one since i could ever remember.



why: live each moment that i'd be happy if i died tomorrow or 10 years out or 50 years out... 



how: 2 things: 1) live each day TRUE to yourself - deep dive into this / how



2) tell the world you love the world each day. 



tho i don't have a bucket list, i have an "experience" list = desires of experiences i'd like to have if the timing is right (and assuming i'm alive then)



first on the list: to be a mom! :) *this one is super packed... because there's a lot about the "kind" of mom i want to be... to really lead by example - thus have led and lead interesting / impactful lives / hobbies / friends / etc.



others: would love to visit japan and south korea one day... (but for travel: i don't really like traveling for tourism, so i'd have to have some purpose!) - both were close - IKON in s korea (but conflict w nationals rowing tournament), FLITE training in Japan but covid!



maybe an example on my perspective is: Mt Kili... never thought of doing it till i knew i was moving to africa... then i was like, well since i'm already there, gotta do it :P. Vs v unlikely for me to go to Africa just to do it.



tbh that's legitamately all the things i can think of (i paused for a solid 6.5 minutes sitting at my screen racking my brain on this)


McK people are super cognizant of people dynamics. in work place. with execs. etc. Once you realize for example that your goal is for someone to have more ownership of something that may not be good for them - realizing that they need more time and more buy-in and stuff.... navigating people = soft skill that's amazing seeing partners / etc at mck navigate through



kind of like chess in some ways!


I entered a room of 19 completely new faces; by the end of the night, I knew fundamental to them-stories better than friends I've had for years of my life. 



Backlog to do: add photos from this event!, from the hosts; and my own golden rules post



Later to do: share this post with my WP link to the group!



On my own traveling mindset:



If not for this event, I most likely wouldn't have visited Medellin this trip - I didn't have a reason to! 



Maybe musings about how this visit was similar to the London dinner event? 



=====



Ok here's the structure of this post:



Hook: "I entered a room of 22 completely new faces; 4 hours later, I knew their stories better than friends I've had in my life for years."Context: I visited Medellin on 3/12 to attend ______Here's what I learned: _____Conclusion, something like shoutout to Stefano, Ines, EpicLlama, etc for hosting this! 



On part 3 - things learned:



On Golden Rule: I realized that in my romantic relationship, I am often giving unsolicited advice....I learned more about myself. The questions were thought provoking - many where I had to reflect on new experiences in my life that I hadn't prior. + I don't think of myself as a natural storyteller. But as questions came up, I thought, and told stories that surprised myself. 



I feel like each story I told could've been a blog post... About dreams that I've given up (Sciences Po etc.) story. 



About the quote.... I'll take a photo of it! 



and Finally: each person is shaped by a series of interesting / ___ stories. And those stories form thoughts that are very relatable... Our discussions covered commonalities related to societal pressure v staying truthful to ourselves (from country-moves to marriage / engagement to ____). We struggled with similar feelings of guilt related to being well-off in a country where __(less well-off)__.   We've gone through periods where we felt unworthy of love... and __(something about getting through it?)__. Or something about: completely stuck... and gotten through it with love of someone else, or an external factor like the right art work hitting us at the right time. Other examples: we explored our beliefs in the supernatural (witches are real in certain indigenous tribes and were portrayed as evil / green / creepy because of the Christian religion's ____). We swapped book and show recommendations ... 



Part of part 4:



By the end of the night, I felt a deep closeness to many of the people  I saw around the room. Their stories were intensely human. I saw how their adversities and corresponding victories shaped who they were today. 



What worked well:



S/O to spectacular hosts :P, the energy, etc... was something else.... + lights (details) incl when lights went out. + cards were so thoughtfully picked + something else? SUPERBLY thoughtfully curated (incl name tags, emoji stickers, year that's meaningful to us)


define arbitrage:



context: mention things about covid :)



+ fundamentally, how people are now more connected than ever; this people arbitrage i'll dig more into as oncoming trend



(vs prior / 20th century? this arbitrage was more for physical things - like manufacturing etc.)



companies  talenti) companiesii) peoplerelationshipsi) romanticii) friendshipsculturei) language (?)ii) art - e.g., music - e.g., j balvin + ed sheeran pieces!iii) maybe more open-mindedness ? 



closing thoughts? - on facilitation of tech?



bonus one: government / trade / wars / etc.... being more interconnected? but maybe: less of an arbitrage? 


I am beyond thankful. Please don't forget that! 



Things will work out. I can take on more of the coordination - that is ok.



I am thankful for:



My dad brought me food from home



My mom brought me the book I pre-ordered



My sister is spending her spring break with me



My mom + sister had really positive initial reactions to my tattoo



My dear Kathleen, you can prove to your family that you can break the chain you inherited from dad. You don't need to be stressed or a perfectionist. This will be fun. I could probably use some coffee. I don't need to overly manage.



Most importantly, this is an opportunity to prove to my sister more of who I am. I want to make this a good, positive experience for her. NOT stressful. 


Draft to write more about being more okay with fluctuations in life stuff. Like inflation. Like wars? Etc



Due to living elsewhere… and the things that happen. Perspective 



Also, I guess like history? Like Black Tuesday. Where stock market dropped like 80-90%. Absolute insane



Helps step away a bit from the impact of the now seemingly insignificant daily weekly regularly news bearing doom. Eg drop in tech stocks recently. Inflation. Etc


Others’ emotional reactions are not the same as mine 



But this doesn’t mean they don’t feel the same emotions



Thus, on me: recognize this, and try to recognize this for the people I love. So that I can help take care of them in negative emotions 


The why:



The how:






i need a change of scenery, i need a restart, i need a plan.



i used to have a long backlog of posts i wanted to write



recently, i haven't had as many ideas



recently, context switching is hard, esp when work occupies my brain for my morning days



i also feel like, there are so many small things to do on a daily basis - that i'm behind on. that's not a great feeling



plus, i don't really have a routine with same hours each time... yet






Basically, one person gives by talking. But the receiver receives what they want to. And then takes it and interprets what they want from it. 


pushing / standing for somethingwhen standing for something - have valid "becauses" to justify it


my why:



..



how this shows up, in order of earliest to most recent:



a week prior to turning 25, i summited Mt Kilimanjaro in tanzaniagot scuba certified in kenyaspent a few months living in LATAM, kitesurfing every other weekend (it's been about a month since then, and i've been really itching to get back on the water!!!!)went on a psychedelic tripgot a tattoo



here are other tentative but likely plans for the remaining 1/2 of year 25 (and likely some leakage to start of year 26) 



go to burning mani'm absolutely itching to do another kitesurfing trip - maybe scheduling that and taking a week off to just kitesurf. another potential option is to buy my own gear - incl need wet suit and such - and somehow go with my new SF friend who kites in Foster City. maybe just maybe i can find a way to store my board in his apartment, bike there and back every sunday with my kite on my back and wet suit / gear. tbh i would enjoy this miles more than almost any other sport! 


professional



one acre fund exp - designed, built, scaled last mile logistics for farmers in kenya. got in the ground - incl field work. as matthew daiter says: i made a big step in the building of my backbone.left mck, to a remote startup with a killer team, lots of new learnings (e.g., metrics! + scaling + managing exec team + so much more), such a cool role.



relationships



a year ago - this is what spurred this overall post actually - a friend remembered i was getting upset at jordan for going to a packed club during covid. my relationship with jordan has since improved it feels so drastically from one year ago.friendships - really deepened my friendships - throughout the world. solid close friends, who develop and become closer even. me, building a discipline to call more, to set up calls more. make friendships meaningful and extend beyond the intense months of living and knowing them. + being secure in them



personal



honestly i'm so proud of myself for having gotten a tattoo - everything about it - from where it is, to what it is, to what it means to me, to where i got it and the experience of getting it - all i'm deeply happy forkite surfing 3 gotten basically independent at it! kited in all these beautiful spectacular places around the world (aka kenya and colombia)having gone to africa - absolute dream come truesummited mt kilimanjaro 


founder - invest and advise a few companies - make remote work more effective... 



my professional world hacks - the notebook :) 






recently, i haven't felt terribly happy. when i experience the loss of something, i then better understand what's important to me.



so, here are things that i believe make me happy - in reflection of my last few years:



communityeasy access to the brilliant outdoorsgood foodenergy and mental space to be creative and build things that matter to mesome sort of steady state consistency to better optimize my schedule



i think i've felt a similar claustrophobic feeling to before


it's hard. here's what has worked for me



i think / hope this could be helpful - as people become more nomadic and travel and visit new places!


building furniture together


I’ve been living from a carry-on suitcase for a while now. I feel like I’ve incrementally created efficiencies through my life that  when disrupted, mean headaches (?) maybe I’m too use to a lot of efficiency! Like… I only have the 1 blue jacket (perfect! for X Y Z…) the 1 black blouse for… + also more special because thrift shopped!, the blue swim suit top I’m more ok with losing - my mom gave me another swim suit so I have 2 of those. 



But also! Gotta budget for disruptions. Plus each disruption is a lesson learned. 



This lesson is to not bring my clothes to the washer people especially when combined in a huge load of other stuff (SO clothing, bed covers, etc). 



Also lesson recently learned: encourage the process even when outcomes are negative. Step 1: separate the process and outcome. 


As a friend and I were preparing to leave Nairobi, Kenya, we were lamenting how there's a certain magic about the East African city that we wished we could capture and transplant to every place we go afterwards. 



And maybe there is a way to do this.



How I break down and distill the essence of Nairobi:



People - social calendar - ... adventure (maybe: newness, exploration?)Freedom of expression, of chasing your dreams... being yourself and defining your life in a new context / new view of life. + continual growth - limiting stagnation in part... because this world is so big!! there is so much to learn while still progressing on things that matter to you.Impact - the kind of work to doBeauty - natureReflection - 



Note: this list is not mutually exclusive; in fact, I think each bullet is tightly intertwined with the others.



Overall theme? - something about being able to be yourself... Courage to do that... etc. My list above are the things that represent that for myself; thus this list may be different to each individual - for what is important to them! 



Other:



Scent: The friend got me a Nairobi candle before I left! It's gorgeous and my favorite candle. When I burn it or think of it, I have a fondness to the essence of the city. I also recently bought a new perfume called Bal D'Afrique that's my favorite as well. I fall in love with the scent whenever I spray it on. The story behind the perfume is supposed to be the maker's love letter to Africa.Sound: I made a Nairobi playlist with songs I listened to and really resonated with while living there. Also music from the place's culture like afro-beats - though not in this specific playlist - pull me back directly to specific night outs, beach side parties, dance classes.



Although I hadn't taken the time to sit and really think about what made Nairobi special to me prior to now, I think I've subconsciously both brought and naturally gravitated towards elements with a touch of Nairobi to the places I've gone afterwards (Colombia, California).



On People - connection? , friendships and activities(?): 



In Nairobi - tight group of expats; in Colombia - tight group of people from a certain background (e.g., having been international). Because of these shared similarities, it was easy to create tight relationships with ... 



There is merit in having more diverse friends as well; and I acknowledge that I didn't do this well during my time in both countries. 



In San Francisco: people - activities - being more conscious / making more effort to make plans... , new idea: shared social calendar...



On Freedom of Expression:



Expression, exploration, and connection with intentional unpretentious communities:



In Nairobi, I was part of the WonderHouse community - where a group of incredible people came together to sponsor a beautiful house just for creation and connection. No one lives there except sometimes artists in residence. There are ....



In Colombia, I was immediately attracted to ... Curiousity House - becoming the first person to move-in and live there! ... 



In San Francisco, I've found ... my favorite place: the Center SF. I'm also learning about new pockets with the same vibration - such as the third space, etc... 



Expressing a personal value of Adventure:



Reflecting on my childhood, I realized my younger self embodied a sense of adventure when I begged to go on the most adrenaline-filled rollercoasters (that my guy friends and parents were weary to go on), when I made pillow and bedsheet forts in basement sleepovers, when I fought dragons and we were knights on secret missions in my friend's forest backyard. However, I hit pause on adventure for most of my middle to high school years.



In Kenya, I tapped back into this sense of adventure when I took a boda boda (motorbike!) to and from most places to avoid Nairobi traffic or because it was one of the only ways to get around unpaved roads in the rural areas. I felt this sense of freedom and awe when I felt the wind in my hair as I cantered through Karura forest on my favorite horse I took riding lessons with. When I felt the wind in my hair as I finally got up on the board while learning how to kitesurf. 



In Colombia, I continued my kitesurfing adventures which led me to three different coastal spots with good wind. I galloped on my horse through Tayrona National Park. And I got a tattoo of a flying kite to cement this feeling of freedom in my body. A permanent mark on a temporary body. 



In San Fransisco, I felt a sense of frustration at first due to much harder it was to access activities that induced a visceral feeling of being alive. Financial considerations being one of them - for example, I know there are horseback riding stables in South Bay, but I don't want to spend $100+ each time I go just on the transportation (Uber / car rental). My adventure-filling activity for the time being is biking with the bike-share Lyft bikes around the city. I love how many bike lanes there are here. 



Adventure - something I do for myself for my own satisfaction.



On Impact:



In Kenya, all around gave me the courage to dream big and create. The ongoing construction projects for roads and bridges where I saw the exposed materials and beams. The nearby kibanda selling fresh chapatis run by mothers. The ramen restaurant next door that was gorgeously decorated and interweaved with the surrounding nature. The living spaces of my friends and my home that were spacious and decorated with plants, swings, sunlight. My second-hand clothing that singed with colors and felt right to me, bought from the bustling Toi Market. The list goes on. Things, spaces, pursuits around me were close to its source of creation. 



In Colombia, there are many similar traits to Kenya, likely because it's also a developing country and perhaps because I lived in Bogota where the elevation and proximity to the equator presented geographic similarities to Nairobi. Similar to Kenya, I gravitated towards spending time with people who were building things that seemed to carry tangible impact, from city policy and infrastructure like the Bogota Metro to tech products that provided access to financial services for the large middle class.



In San Francisco, to be transparent, I haven't found this close fit yet. Meetups are centered around Web3's pursuits to create NFTs and financial value for crypto holders, conversations are about how virtual tokens can be created and transferred or the recent Twitter post from a prominent tech thought leader. However, I've found a few individuals who I now call friends that resonate with me in how we think about impact. I'm determined to attend an Effective Altruism meetup in the coming weeks. I have a directed plan to reach out to SF people who are in the more tangible impact space.



 On Beauty:



Seeing the sunrise on top of Mt. Kilimanjaro* is one of the most beautiful views I've ever seen. Similar feeling of beauty in Kenya were weekend trips to the mountains for hikes, to the coast for brilliant sunrises, to the safaris where majestic animals roamed free. 



In Colombia, I'd take advantage of hikes before work. Day trips to mountains and dense forests just an hour or so away from where I lived. The proximity of those places reminded me of what Earth was like in most every city we now occupy. 



In San Francisco, my first weekends were intentionally planned around this deep sense of beauty of the Earth. We had a friend gathering on the beaches and sweeping hiking trails of Fort Cronkhite. We took a weekend trip to see looming and sage Redwood trees in Humboldt State Park. During weekday work breaks, I biked to parks to breathe in trees and a feeling of peace outside of the congested city. Wherever I live, I need this. The mountains, the trees, the streams and crashing waters. My bare feet contacting our ancestral home. 



On Reflection:



It's easy to stagnate in life after college without a structured learning plan. It's easy to get caught up with the archetype of success that our childhood adult figures touted. 



From Nairobi started a journey of self-reflection on what I want in my life. In Colombia, I continued that reflection as I embarked on a habit to write more. In San Francisco, I'm creating space to write and think. 







Living happily in the present while happily dabbling in nostalgia,



Kat



*in Tanzania, Kenya's neighboring country














































I move around a bunch. I'd say it started when I was growing up in Canada. I attended 3 different elementary schools and 2 different middle schools. 



Each time I move, there's always one thing that stays constant: the exercise to make new friends. 



Reflecting back on primary school, friends seemed to be made fast. There was often another kid who wanted another friend (that became me!) or were curious about the new student (which then led to invites for events like movie nights, hang outs, etc.) or I would join student organizations like clubs or sports teams - and again, voila! fast friends.



How did it get so much more difficult as adults? In the real world, there are less immediate shared commonalities (grade / age, obligatory classes, location, etc) and more differences.



Here are tips that have worked well for me making friends as an adult:



*= similar stories to my childhood (e.g., molly!)



Starting with just say 1 good friend - from commonalities in the past (college, childhood, intros from other friends) and do go and reach out! - getting plugged into more of their friends too :)Joining clubs or classes in the area - in your interestsFinding events to go to, based on your interests - FB events is a great sourceSaying yes to events / invites - keep showing up - when you see people more often, you strengthen that bond and have more shared experiences :)Organizing events yourself!



Systems / charts I want to add on friendships (see notebook :))



1) friendships - when and why to invest in them (when they become an engine - more opportunities etc)... maybe part of my structured / framework thinking book! 2) evolution of friendships? - how someone goes from an acquaintance to a good/ close friend? - and maybe also some structure / guidelines / framework on what each "type" of friends looks like3) maybe? something about how to break down what makes someone a good friend for myself? and/or maybe if i were to break down criteria of when to keep vs drop a friend? tbh maybe this is too systemized and thereby not that helpful! vs what feels more normal?



+ mention / PS: there's also a lot of merit in maintaining and deepening friendships that are no longer in the same location... why: __maybe to add__



how to do this:



recurring call invitesorganizing a trip / making plans in the future to adventure together :)advancing on projects together :) naturally sharing docs / links / interests / etc. that you come across that make you think of them!






the vibe!



so much more than many other places in SF


I'm not afraid of you. Your __gnarly roots / upwarded trunks / etc... ? some darker descriptions__Seems like all the startup CEOs and probably big company CEOs and all the big shot investors, they talk about you, they prep for you, all for good rationale.But as you turn your horned beak, as you may scare ___description of people___, including past self.



But the sun still shines.The neighborhood sandwich shop will still make my turkey with everything but no cheese on dutch crunch sandwich as they've made it for customers before me through recessions or no recessions.My partner will still love me. I'll still love him.And ______insert another wholesome fact :)______.



Some of this, I speak of privilege. In addition to the above basic small things that I love and make me happy, I am not in massive debt / leverage.I have skills and a network, my reputation (integrity etc?) - to be reworded prob... that I can bounce back from potential temporary financial ruin (either this upcoming recession or a future event)... incl in times of downturn = more opportunities I can also take more advantage of!I still hold a passport from the United States of America where we don't .... (land of ... ) have excessive corruption / etc.... war torn / etc...I still have freedom to live in another lower cost of living countries if need be.....



I'd like to think, that a lot of my friends / peers are in similar situations to me. Writing this as a reminder, the sun will still shine.


We did that too as kids. We woke up at 2am, rented warm wool clothes - cuz it was too hot to carry them all the way up, to summit a mountain and watch the sunrise. 



It ended up being cloudy that day, so We didn’t see it. Dad pauses and then laughs. That’s life. (In English) 



Later they climbed a bit higher and saw the sun rise over the clouds. Not the same as the horizon but still definitely something  


basically about.. this new relationship thing i learned from the book i read... and is a thing i want to work on in my relationship :)


when you're beautiful, everyone looks at you. you need to actively not 



when you're 


Here's my plan:



..



Other:



think longer term... try adding 1 product at a time, around 2-3 weeks each before adding on a new productproducts?25% off soko glam order? SGREACT2521TB99



i really like this video!




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NL6gD2_pTIab_channel=JulesAcree



structure: cool new experiences specific to a place



two types of these experiences: i) more permanent (e.g., hiking spots, tourist mainstays, etc.), and ii) more temporary (mostly local events! these are often more fulfilling for me personally - to get to meet the people that live there)



 For Boulder:



Sofar sounds - if they have a concert!Meowwolf exhibit in DenverSnooze - brunch?Dushanbe Teahouse - afternoon teaLocal hikes: mallory caves: https://www.instagram.com/p/Cc3_BIeM4P4/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=, rattlesnake gulch: https://www.instagram.com/reel/CdGxVPsjx-6/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=, 



Crags Hotel Ruinshttps://goo.gl/maps/RB7LSRoHTVGitQZv5



Continental Divide Overlook(303) 494-3943https://goo.gl/maps/FmJcK7M4gg8dzsTt6



Foods: https://www.boulderweekly.com/special-editions/best-of-boulder/best-of-boulder-2020-food/



For Colombia:



Minca day trip - e-biking in the mountains there Tayrona national park



For San Francisco:



... bunch of saved places in my google maps.






jotting down the why here for easy reference



learn ? - greater enriched life - awesome more ideas - in a really really easy and passive waysupport network / power of community 3 3 3 3 3 3 share? don't need one of everything (e.g., lawn mower, all the baking supplies, community garden, etc. etc.)



i've noticed, that as i've been growing older, it's easy for me to forget the above. and i don't think i want to forget the above!



imagine, forgoing all those benefits. if we were just in our nuclear boxes - mom, dad, kids - then i think that's quite limiting from the potential we have. forgoing the wisdom, knowledge, experience, fun from the diversity of people you're living closely with. the ___ ethnic recipes cooked by the __insert example of specific aunt XX?__. 



from parents with X careers... inspire kids!



learn what's advantageous and what's not advantageous (when you hang out more with other families' you see things you can incorporate yourself for example!) - to incorporate into your own lives.



for parents, they have the social benefits as well! 1) continual learning too, 2) friends / community feeling - that a lot of parents start having less when they have kids, 3) mutually giving support network ... going on cabin trip - someone else you've known for a while with "skin in the game" in the community to look over your kids and have your kids hang out with their kids... or vice versa! kids are easier to raise in communities... we lost this somewhere in US's strive for independence 







also, recently, i feel like i've found similar awesome pockets of individuals from the bay area and boulder area that are looking for the coliving and community in the way they raise their future kids as well. 



perhaps the easiest way to do this in the future (without too much overhead on administration / etc which leads to less sustainable projects) is to just design for this in living spaces. meaning, having private spaces for families to live - but in close proximity to the other families and with shared common areas naturally leading to increased interactions. 



there are a few other thoughts i have on how / why this is harder in practice, and ideas on remedying them. perhaps something to think more on later in life.? e.g., maybe starting with people you know / referrals.



if you're interested in this in the future somewhere in the US, let me know!! message me on fb @kat q hu.


context: i've recently read the seven principles for making marriage work by john gottman. it was recommended on a blog post by self help guy Mark Manson.







background - my personal philosophy on learning, vSelf-Development: 



i approach knowledge gathering in two buckets: 1)  just in time knowledge (knowing something exists so you can reference to it later), 2) incorporated knowledge (actively incorporating the information into my own life)



the second approach is my active learning. for self-development, i can't put all the new knowledge i come across into the second bucket, because when i have tried to incorporate everything i learn at once, i feel overwhelmed, i don't create sustainable habits, and then i don't reap the effects i hoped for.



instead, when i start with just a prioritized select few pieces to incorporate in my life, i create enduring habits that become minimal energy to maintain which give me space to add more habits later on.



aside, could be a fun graph to plot positive habits accumulation (step graph) over time, juxtaposed with another graph of energy spent on habit building (more sinusoidal). it'd be fun to add nuances like habit-stacking - where sometimes more habits are accumulated but the energy spent is not directly correlated to increase in habits. 



also because of the above, i find benefits in re-reading books, re-listening to podcasts, re-watching recorded lectures. each time i do it again - often years later - i pick up and incorporate new pieces of knowledge.







here are the few habits i'd like to work on for the next few months, from the seven principles book:



one: listen better - interrupt less I noticed and we've discussed that I often interrupt J's stories because I get so excited about them! I often have a lot of questions and thoughts. On the phone, to listen fully to what Jordan has to say before I interject, I've been trying out muting myself when he's talking to add another layer of friction. In real life, when I'm playful, I often raise my hand and wait to be called on :). If Jordan is done, he'll acknowledge me playfully. If he wants to finish a story, he'll let me know :). The situation I'm working on is when we're arguing. When I'm more heated, I interject a lot. As soon as J says something that I don't think is correct, I often interject before he finishes everything he wants to say. He listens well when we're fighting, and I want to work on building the same respect. I'll try working on this by thinking about my goal here when we're arguing! two: fight slow to fight fastmy goal in arguments is to get something i want - often a change in how jordan acts. in order to get to the final goal, the easy in-the-moment action for me is to express and act exactly how i feel emotionally. however, this path is suboptimal because it leads to greater hurt between us (requiring longer term healing) and our fights often are longer till we get to a solution. the harder in-the-moment action for me is to employ various tactics that require me to command greater control of my emotions. below are a few of those tactics:employ soft startups: make sure partner feels known / respected - not criticized / attacked. think about a strategy to get to my goal before just launching into my current pattern of what feels easiest.e.g., from book: "There’s a big difference between “Sheesh, you’re a lousy driver! Slow down before you kill us!” and “I know you enjoy driving fast, but I get really nervous. Could you please slow down?” Maybe that second approach takes a bit longer. But that extra time is worth it since it is the only method that works!"“If you’re angry with your spouse, it’s worth taking a deep breath and thinking through how to broach the subject. Softening your start-up will be easier if you constantly remind yourself that it is the optimum strategy for resolving the conflict. If you feel too angry to discuss the matter gently, your best option is not to discuss it at all until you’ve calmed down. Follow the steps for self-soothing before talking it out with your spouse.”personal example i'm going to work on in my relationship: for context, at group gatherings, J often doesn't interact with me much. i've learned from him that this is because he feels pressure to make sure the group is ok first. sometimes when i'm tired / lower emotional stability, i feel hurt by this. i'm used to so much attention and affection when we're by ourselves that going from 100 to 5 makes me feel less loved in group moments. to improve this situation, i'm going to practice communicating the following prior to parties or group events i attend with J: “please spend time with just me today at this party. You’re really good at 1:1 settings, but I really like specifically your attention in group settings too.”ask questions, approach the situation to seek understanding from his perspective, then over-communicate to show that i understand him before pushing my point. example: i can playback what i thought i heard / my understanding and ask if he thinks it's accurate. often in our arguments, i've noticed that i often push my points as a response to the assumption that i correctly heard him / understood what he said. however, he doesn't always feel that i listened to him (even if i think i did), which makes him less receptive to what i have to say after. Tactics are easier to do when you really believe in the why and are more optimizing for end outcome than necessarily "being right" - fighting smarter not harder :). So note to self to remember my end goal: to win the long game not the short one.three: respond affirmatively to repair attempts repair attempt definition per book: “... refers to any statement or action—silly or otherwise—that prevents negativity from escalating out of control. Repair attempts are a secret weapon of emotionally intelligent couples”benefits of repair attempts per the book: “you frequently have the experience of being calmed by your spouse, you come to associate him or her with feelings of relaxation rather than of stress. This automatically increases the positivity in your relationship.”after reading this, i realized that both jordan and i employ these so-called "repair attempts" when we argue! however, either him or i don't always respond positively to the repair attempts. i can't control him responding positively to my repair attempts (though i suggested him to read this book, which perhaps if / after he does, i can be more explicit in the future to him to let him know that i'm trying to use a repair attempt). but i can control my own responding to his repair attempts. my goal is to respond affirmatively more often and quicker to his repair attempts. it'll make the repair attempts actually successful, and ideally we'll reap more of the benefits as mentioned above (less heated arguments, greater feeling of trust in each other). for him, he'll also associate more clearly that his repair attempts work, which go in the habit building cycle as a "reward", which ideally leads to more repair attempts in our relationships and less fights.



BTW, a past tactic i've worked on and now incorporated, that i think is fairly effective in decreasing magnitude and frequency of fights, is: practicing self-soothing to decrease situations of "flooding."



what is "flooding":



for a while, i didn't have a word to describe this feeling. i just observed that there was an inflection point (another word i didn't previously realize i could use outside of math class) in my arguments with J (and with family members) where once passed, i'd get so heated that it'd be really hard / seemingly impossible to control myself and calmly resolve fights. that's the "flooding" or "fight or flight" state. 



how do i practice self-soothing?:



in self-soothing, timing to employ this is key (if too late, then it's a lot harder for these techniques to be effective). thus, i start with noticing my body! when i'm more in tune with my body, i notice signs like shallower breathing, my mental state changing and feeling more heated, my tone of voice more curt.focus my mind to think about towards the lower half of my bodybreathe deeplyhug J if i can and not talk for a bitgo for a walk and listen to music



^got those tips from various sources (e.g., books, therapists, first principles / trial and error, etc.)







ending sidenote: i've been playing around with typing without capitalization. feels more casual. takes less time? not sure if this is a habit i want to keep or not yet! (it's been trickling over to my work communication too...) 



another sidenote: i think there's a lot of merit in editing docs after i write them, to help with readers' experiences. this article is really for my own documentation, but perhaps one day later i'll come back and edit this if i think it could be helpful for others!


below are some basic do's. don'ts = don't not do the do's.



do's:



ask interesting questions. some of my favorite: words...know the interview format. interviewers anchor and judge on what they know... no need to re-invent the wheel star method for example...tactical stuff on case interviews for example...figure out what the interviewer is looking for and give it. the way i approach interviewing as an interviewer: i need to fill a role, i go into each interview hoping and vouching for the candidate to pass / do well... they do that by ticking boxes i'm looking for and ideally showing some sort of "spike" - AND - not having any immediate red flags that make me discount them



aside: quick thoughts on more senior interviewing below! i've done less of these, but here are preliminary observations on what works well



the way the speak - executive presence comes throughpauses / clear voice / confidenceinfluenced by their content too - they know their stuff! through years of experience and having done practice in interviewingtheir content:smart. they answer your questions. they're direct. they share results.they have interesting content with seriously cool impact.they way they connect to you:charm! you feel energetic and happy and excited to talk to them. they remember details... they genuinely care. 



people that stand out have a "je ne sais quoi - yet" element that i want to distill in the future. 



potential future deep dive blog posts ideas from this one:



tactical case interviewing tips (things that are really easy and small and once you know, can really help you - but just a lot of people don't know)setting up a recruiting pipeline, as a startup closing the deal - getting them to say yes, as a startup (e.g., drip campaign) 


each year, i want to get into a cadence / discipline to write down certain reflection topics.



one of them, random, specific, and tactical is: best purchases under $100



because there are all these small things / gadgets / etc that are so freaking awesome. would be cool to have ~3 / year... compounded over a lot of years = awesome advice i guess i could give to my sister / others in an easy recommendation way. 



v 2021 or 2022?



tbh still love my birks.



maybe bike helmet ? - as i grow older, just so worth it yaknow



BYREDO perfume!! this is a bit of a splurge but omg i am in love with it.


i wanted to write this poem in a table format, so this one is hosted on a google doc here :)



friday 5.27.2022



6pm: i finally leave my 






rock climbing gym example


Being scared to give trust:



The child sees this, feels it’s too limiting, and revolts. Or the child sees this and tries to live within the confines of the trust limitations, is bound to make mistakes, and feels unsupported during those times. Trust breaks. 







But to be brave, to give trust early:



You’re telling her that she is an intelligent capable person. You tell her what you know, including the risks. And ultimately it is her job to make the decisions and own the consequences. Trust builds. 







Why: people act how they are expected to. 


it seems that most of the people i know (mostly guys) have gotten tubbier. rounder. softer around certain edges. 



it seems obvious to me, that i need a routine and a workout schedule that is sustainable.



sometimes it feels harder to do living with a SO



but perhaps also it could also be easier.







if J wasn't in the picture, it's easy to picture my "ideal life." in fact, i lived it while in Colombia and elsewhere. i lived so close to a gym i could access 



to be honest, i'm done with SF for this year. my year.



i've been here for 3 months and i feel like that's enough.



july = iowa, ok



aug = NY and some time home in CHI likely



sept = let's go back to S America :) let's visit Johanam in Guatamala! let's go to Costa Rica finally. heard great things about Mexico City



oct = still be in S America likely



Nov = 3rd month in S America ?!



idk! !



just craving things that i don't see or find here. 


time, it's easy to fill



the essays i want to write, written words seem to immortalize things in a way that doesn't happen with thoughts.






how much someone can love you


like how i'm seeking something else. something to make my life feel worthwhile. something that's promised when i go somewhere like Africa.



like how J doesn't share the same desire for impact or adventure. and there's an element of that's ok. and there's an element of, there are some dreams i don't want to give up.


For talent. 



Completely counter of the US based companies strategy for the customers we serve. 


There’s often always an opportunity to do so



Those people need smart teams to help them with their goals



More time you spend with them and the more trust you build with them, the more opportunities they’d easily think of you as a candidate for 



There’s also an element about getting lucky



Getting lucky to know about what there is out there. People who are living and doing things beyond my younger self’s imagination. 



Ways to get luckier:



1) go to a top college. You’ll meet people in very diverse backgrounds of life. make friends with those diverse people!



2) live in a wacky city like San Francisco. Say yes to events, make yourself interesting and kind (someone others want to hang out with), befriend diverse groups people beyond your initial bubble :)



Lately some observations: mansion parties and fantastical events for adults (e.g., prom at the palace of fine arts, galatical themed parties where everyone dresses up and props / drinks / etc are incredibly on theme), private jet setting life of a friend, another friend going to Morocco via chartered plane at an all out friend’s wedding (they’re apparently like Moroccan royalty), the insane mansions that someone sells as a real estate agent, the worldly conferences and the pivotal strategic meetings that the “EAs” (not sure this is the exact right title) of prominent intelligent people go to as part of their job, the insane vacation home spots I’ve been invited to in different spots of the world (France, Colombia, US). 



Maybe in sum, as a young’un (someone in your 20s) for your career: add a lot of value to someone who is 10x where you are (in direction of where you want to be). 



(Me to add more details on how to do this? 1 is get lucky and be there, 2 is to reach out via online!, 3 is to be persistent and intelligent)



For your social life: more the advice of the above 


documentation people have written about me



random other people who've started "micro-blogging" as a result of mine!



gwinalaricshannon+ other ripple effects



other "micro-blogs" i've found:



https://roadtoramen.com/https://watermelon.cafe/https://roro.today/


anthony - work a job that doesn't make my soul sing, till i'm 40, then i'll have enough $ to do anything else i want to do with the rest of my life



john - sr data scientist isn't my aspiration in 5 years, but is the answer i give when my manager asks me my 5 yrs goals.



the biggest jump for me: perhaps started with taking the gap year



damn the freedoms i have right now are unparalleled


no financial debt


Writing = thinking more and better



On race? 



Fuck I don’t remember but was so excited to write it 



On comfort?



On how it’s harder to do things moving forward tho much easier to look back?






1) writing ;). Publishing (and/ or publishing thoughtful videos or photos too!)



Maybe also taking photos. When lots of others don’t. Just short ones even for supplementing memory!!



2) being the one to ask for someone’s fb or social connect platform of choice (long term! Esp seeing their life updates)



3) maybe reaching out to people on LinkedIn?


i recently read a book called "people we meet on vacation" where the main guy character reminds me of the main guy character in my life



recently, i've reflected on this topic with the following actions, that show a sort of beyond thoughtfulness in his actions:



we both got tested before having sex without condoms (after i got on an IUD), his suggestionwhen he looks up online about other kind of sex - and my health implicationswhen he orders me a chai oat milk latte - exactly what i would've wanted - at a coffee shop that he rushes to help me get here on time for darn i had a lot of other ideas to put into this bucket but i currently don't remember more.i am thankful


Here's what I'm learning and some re-learning:



I should not break momentum. If I'm doing more, then I'm more productive as a whole.



I should use events as a way to start or not break momentum. Especially while it's such a beautiful biking weather outside!



I feel horrid when I stay at home for hours. Because I end up eating junk food and watching Mrs. Maisel for HOURS. What the heck Kathleen. I'm glad I did it, to know that I dislike it, so I'm done with that kind of relaxing... I'm glad I know that watching a show or eating junk food makes me binge and thus the answer is to eliminate it almost completely. 



Every day, I should have 1-2 major accomplishments towards my long-term picture goals.



On days I have a lot of free time, I should schedule ideally one but at most two social events with other people that I want to deepen my relationship with and be present and cheerful and on time with. Quality over quantity!


Published Sept. 02, 2017



I have to say, I'm currently studying and registered for the MBA... And perhaps I will do it (if I get into Stanford's MBA?) one day and perhaps not. But aside from that, I've accomplished literally everything written beneath the first checkbox of this list I pinned on my Google Keep. I have also already met incredible people ;)







https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUMmLkFKpEI
From this Ted talk!



Key Takeaways:



*the less stressed I am, the more HAPPY my relationships are!!! *the hallmark of a good relationship is when one person goes crazy at a time (the other person takes the high road :) ) *raise my own bar: challenge myself to be patient, helpful, caring, kind *take a deep breath and say: "i'm so sorry you're upset. what's bothering you is important to me. what can i do to help?" *if needed, use i would love it statements, i.e. "i would love it if you help me with _" "i would love it if we pick a night to be alone together" (use it for positive things and future-focused)  *relationships need: connection, communication, playfulness *we become a team! trust and goodwill to get us through the good times *when we take responsibility and value our partner, taking this first step can Inspire the other to do the same thing!


23-25: McKinsey



*create a hard-working reputation, get promoted



Why: safety net to go back to if/when I'm older



Concurrent personal developments:



*finance, work towards financial independence 



*health, wellness



*language: Chinese - leads to increased connection to my China roots/family



*being: style, poise, etc.







25-28: do something of my own; be bold



("last hurrah before I shift focus to taking lesser risks when I become a mom in my late 20s/early 30s")







List of some of my life projects:



*international non-profit- workshops around the world empowering people in a field, could be nutrition, technology, finance, women, youth, entrepreneurship



*transform the way humans live: co-living, focus on design of systems/physical environment/website/marketing, technology, real-estate, community - application, sharing, environmental and social well-being, balance



*wellness coaching for tech community



*establishment of my personal longer-term branding: my passions + my essence of being



Kathleen Qianmin Hu, CEO and Founder of Nourish.Net



*creation of culture/behavior changing products for human and planet better-being.



- part of my brand - my community 



*design and marketing of those products







More on me:



I want to wear multiple hats/companies/projects.



I want freedom, excitement, constant learning.



I want to be obsessed, passionate, and let that shine through to inspire movements.



I want to surround myself with incredible people, and be in opportunities to continually meet new people ( = more learning !)



Concurrently, I want to make space and time for myself.



I want my words to hold weight, because of who I am.







Also possible goal/milestone for validation (not necessary but possible milestone): Forbes 30 under 30.



^tbh nah



(but milestones are important)



product ideas:



*empowering communities around the world by creation of recycled beautiful local art cards, i.e. starting at flower shops



*baag



*reusable containers at catering events


Here's how I feel about my legacy on this earth.



My life is and will be an adventure. 



One of the greatest assets I have is mental reframing. 



Next to work on is communication :) So others can see where I'm coming from.



Future self, remember to do what my past self would be proud of.



I love my adventure so far.



Another of my greatest assets is long-term thinking combined with time, community, emotional stability, learning.



On queue, not in order, in my grand scheme of this life (life is long :)):



excelling at McKinseyliving as an expat in Asialiving as an expat in Europebecoming an international leading figure in co-living aligns so well with my personal and public goals... financial gain, influence and a big way to address sustainability/social connection/public happinesspro: not a lot of young'uns in this field? real estate in general? this is like an obvious "secret" that people don't know yet! importance of effective communication incl. marketing comes into play hereone day perhaps in ~10 years, raising kids (maybe 2, with either a bit of or a bigger bit of space in between) simply and happilygetting a masters degree. perhaps in international relations, ideally 1 year masters (life gets busier later in life) but also ideally 2 year dual program to live in France and Chinaimprove my language skills :) for down the line, leading by example, and for further opportunitiesanother masters degree i'll strive towards: joint masters degree in business and environment/resourcestake on classes like: PSYCH 265 Social Psychology and Social Change, PSYCH 216 Public Policy and Social Psychology: Implications and Applications, EARTHSYS 289A FEED Lab: Food System Design  Innovation, EARTHSYS 112 Human Society and Environmental Changei want to be a __(not sure what adjs because it's a balance of adjs and range within them)__ wifeloving, supportive i romanticize the idea of the woman being a big force in (mostly behind the scene) pushing/helping and supporting the man to more in lifei want to be a woman role model to othersi admire the classics... not the trend-y people who come and go... to be someone written down for the long-term... a thought-leader of sorts? like the old-timey women with pages (like wiki) i admire, like simone signoret, gwyeneth somewhat, jacklyn kennedy, etc, also maybe julia child somewhat/and alice waters (farm-to-table, how i built this). oh it's Jacqueline accordingly, part of this, and huge part of my next stage in learning will include skincare, style, movement... becoming/stepping into these, i think it's finally a good time to start... movement has been an exploration during time at boulderpossibly to be added on in the future! 



I don't want to be like everyone else. To get "there", I'll continuously work hard while being patient... to affect lasting impact on a mass scale. 


Don't settle. Don't fall into this too easy complacency. 



Maybe I've "made it" for a few years.



Work really hard. Don't lose track of the grander vision afterwards. 



People like Eymard and Robin, when seeing their LinkedIns. Surround myself with action-oriented, incredibly intelligent (EQ and IQ) people like them! 


I changed majors in college... thrice. My nickname Kat came about when I took a break from college to live in Paris. I wanted to go by "Kath" but the "h" is silent in French, so it made more sense to introduce myself as Kat instead.I got fired from a job working in a corporate 500 company in NYC. But then I got rehired.I'm semi-convinced that I've tried coke once before. Also I'm generally against drugs for myself; I've pledged not to do marijuana until age 25.My favorite dessert is cold (almond or soy) milk with granola or various healthy-disguising cereals with that crunchy texture and at least 9g of added sugar.


I'm working from home in Woodside, CA. It's 68F and sunny and I'm sitting outside in shorts, flip flops, a t-shirt, my glasses, with a towel under my butt and a couch cushion behind me. This morning I woke up at 7AM, got my work out in (!), showered, made breakfast, cleaned up my room, got some McKinsey training done, and overall just have been doing stuff instead of making a list and prioritizing which is effort. I am living in paradise. I have access to a car. I have food in the fridge of soymilk, strawberries, cherries, veggies, a few more eggs; freezer: frozen fish :); pantry: tuna cans, quinoa, pasta, oats stuff for cereal. I have more than I need and enough that I can minimize stresses and finish my food before grocery shopping next (which btw I'll probably do this week at the discount grocery store :)! My computer battery is fully charged.



I have the most perfect job in the world I believe. 



I'll list why: 



Already on deck:



*Embark in Boston in June



*DnA Women meet-up (I'm really excited by this btw) in Chicago in June



*meet-up (w some acronyms) in Colorado in August



*probably hopefully a new project somewhere I can travel to... I should have more personal direction perhaps on what kinds of things I want to learn, and then write it out and give it to her, as well as tell her that I'm flexible because that's true too



=



*the people I've met so far are incredible! The support system is amazing.



*real, authentic, intelligent people I learn from :)



*ability to work from anywhere in the world when I'm on beach!



*Lucas my buddy says he knows people who've been on the beach for 3 months now!! Maybe @me: having a slow start, really just enjoying my free time right now, and learning online and preparing is the way to go. Like if my Embark is in a month, so be it, and then starting a study afterwards :) My PD knows what's best for me :) People rave about her and soooo she's awesome! And tbh from my interactions with her, I think she's awesome already anywho :P I'm settling into the beach and learning about appreciating what I do have!! :)



*having an up or stay "policy" being in McKinsey Digital! I love Digital btw!!!!!! I get perks of being in McKinsey like network with generalists/people across the board, while getting to work on things I'm more knowledgable about and being able to build up at least a little bit into an expert of some sort! I LOVE IT. Also being able to go into product manager at a tech (prob smaller) company as an exit opportunity if that's something I want to do... I'll have the past experiences for it, as well as really really great polished skills/presentation/etc.



This week and well into next week, I can work remotely. I'll go into the office of course on Friday. But overall, I get to make my own McKinsey! I'll work hard when I'm on and have balance when I'm not on. I like working from home on my own projects because I reach flow and am not bored like when I'm in the office and get up often for snacks. FURTHERMORE, it's beautiful outside today and this week and well into next week. Perhaps I should invest in some body sunscreen and wear my swimsuit out on this deck and sun tan here. I'm getting paid to do this.



Last week's transition period was tough. But finally meeting people in the office on Friday (and having some great conversations!!) turned that around. And getting to hang with people I love, friends, family, SO this weekend. Wow. I am so lucky. I know I'll bond more with the BAs in the office. It'll come. I'll show up more and with more facetime and seeing the same peoples around, those relationships will be built! 



Here's what I envision myself to have grown in the next three months:



Improve my health by lol: getting sunlight 



eating well when I order out, limiting snacking by being not around it (ez)



having a new schedule with my 25 minutes of working out in the morning being my cornerstone habit! 

Follow my gut and follow my high school economics class's lesson of allocative efficiency.

Meditate some. Get the freak out of my room/house some.

Being myself, being positive, being kind gives me energy.

What I'm currently working on: making decisions quicker. Finding what I like and then going with it. Instead of trying to figure out all the options and then picking after exhaustive information gathering. Especially since in this world, I make a salary now, it more allows me to build this habit of valuing my time/energy to not have to factor in cost at such a high multiple.

Edit: also working on: practice storytelling and in particular, sharing bits of my own story... So others can connect to them, remember me, and share more with me.

I'm here to live my own life. Here are some of my choices:

1) live with my aunt for ~2 years

2) then live in SF? I like living in the suburbs because I can focus a bit more. I can still budget in friends say ~twice a week. Then if I become a higher-than-entry PM in a pre-IPO + rapidly growing company based in SF, I'll live in SF and spend a good amount of time making and solidifying friends who are also living in SF!!!

3) I will lead an international career. I think I'd like to experience having a family in Asia and Europe, at a point kids would remember it? Or baby rearing in another country sounds romantic too. I'd like to work on a company in Africa for a bit before having a family.

4) I also think I'd like to do that with kids because I genuinely believe resilience developed from obstacles creates long term success and purpose perhaps.

5) save and contribute $60k to Nicole's college fund (I have 4 years to do this, it's only 15k/year!!! Aka literally just the rent I'm saving on)

Here's what I read recently that hit close to home:



https://hellohumankindness.org/story/6-reasons-your-mom-was-right/



Here's a music video I watched recently that gave me emotions:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6nYF3juDQY




Here's a movie I watched relatively recently that the music video reminded me of:



https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1748122/



Moonrise Kingdom



And a book that's on deck for me to reread:



Catcher in the Rye



I think I'm really digging the coming-of-age stories right now.







Me, currently. 



This is the baseline to satisfy me in periods of free time:



25 minutes of exercise in the morning (literally just 25 minutes... I can make time for this! Think of the amount of time I waste in a day... Minimize those times by a few minutes and bam, 25 minutes easily allocated for what's important to me)Write. Spend time on airplanes or whenever to write down things that I've learned and am learning along the way. Reflection grounds me and makes me feel happy.







Me, at McKinsey.



It's okay not to have a concrete plan. Here's what I'm thinking:



I used to be good at playing the game of "student" + "social entrepreneurship" I'm not in both anymore, so I'm in a transition period to find what's important to me now.Act my full self, work hard. Act as if I've nothing to lose. Because, in truth, I feel confident in the McKinsey community... The team feeling is there. And I can trust I'll get feedback. Laugh and smile genuinely.



Possible timeline:First case: WORK HARD. Learn from others... Learn about: working with others, learn how others work so that I can emulate qualities of incredible leaders.Remember to ask Lisa for feedback! Get lunch or coffee with her!Some things to ask: How to give feedback, how to be more put together/confident to speak as a woman, how to create my own brand and reputation (for instance, it seems like reputation precedes people here... when people talk of cases and who they're working with, there's also talk from others on the leaders on the team... like what to expect, how nice they are, etc.), possible questions about her digital experience.I would genuinely love her to be a mentor of me.First ~3 cases: LEARNING + starting to build my reputationI ideally want to work in different industries each case.+ do different things! From product roadmap to agile coaching to setting up organizational capability like design centers, innovation labs, digital garages, etc.I think my timeline will be work ~1 year: ideally get promoted to senior digital analyst (tbh I should look at what other people have done). I do want to go to FLITE! I think I'd like to try Junior EMing and then leave around then. I'll probably be at the firm for ~3 years tops. Definitely want to be a Senior Digital Analyst though! :D LOL also I can probably go on 2 retreats! Since I joined at a time of a retreat, then in 2 years, it'll be another one :D I'd also like to try secondment-ing!! And possibly get firm sponsorship for higher education. After my first year, I want to have champions to enable me to work in an international office. Once I'm there, I'll be able to travel around many different countries because countries are much smaller than say in the US. This will revamp my learning curve by exposing me to more of the world, more of the way people live, work, play.



Appreciations for why I'm here:



I'm getting paid to learn. Have this perspective throughout life (but especially while I'm in my 20s), and I'll never be poor. I'll always be grateful, not greedy, and full. I'll have the incredible freedom of focusing on myself, what makes me happy and fulfilled (steep learning curve!) instead of focusing on marginal results like money.I'll have the incredible privilege of working in different industries, among incredible people (learn about well-functioning teams), in a "specialization" I'm so passionate about (technology/digital/customer-centric-ness/product), and at the highest level of problems (I'll learn how the senior people think, communicate, work) which is intellectually simulating! I feel ready to be here. I feel that I've come here at the right time. I've learned so many skills from start-up/travel/internships (esp PM) to apply and more likely excel here. Also building up confidence and better body/life habits during my Watson time.I'm excited to grow. As a new member to a mentor myself one day. Also I love how people can/have left the firm and rejoined it! Opportunity!! Is abound.







Recent words that keep echoing in my mind:



Ryan Singh: I realized, after a few years, no one knows what they're doing. He has a few friends who went the somewhat "sell-out" path, and he said that after a few years, they're mostly questioning what their meaning in this world is... So starting in doing what gives him purpose, that's a valid trade-off.Noah Isserman: I realized, that no matter how high up you go, you're still doing the same things.I watched a McKinsey workshop video where they went into an org to teach them stuff like design thinking... and it felt like all those design thinking workshops I've done... in Paris, in UIUC, even at Capital One's recruiting event in Richmond, Virginia. Tamzin Tabhzer(?): Social entrepreneurship is just a marketing term. I apply this idea to much of how I view the world... how much is influenced and driven by marketing and catered to public perception



To me: Focus on the things I have. And know that the things that are meant to be will come. Have patience child.



Also, here's a theme I've started to notice in life: Don't forget to pursue yourself. In high school, the overarching goal for the commons was grades and test scores. In college, it was also grades. In relationships, it's love. In work, it's work. BUT, the people who end up more successful in my mind after and through it all are those who continue to pursue themselves. Making yourself more than one "obligation" creates a fuller life and a happier happenstance within the "obligation" as well. For example, for me, I shall choose to keep on being interesting by following my interests outside of my common roles. Be multi-dimensional.







P.S. On deck, I'll be reading The Order of Time by Carlo Rovelli

Working alongside brilliant teams

Happy people

I am SO thankful
Our bodies do a lot of crazy,regulatory thingsthat we don’t even realize. If our body is producing something and we try to strip it away, our bodies make more. If you have oily skin and you use harsh soaps and astringents to strip it of oil without applying a moisturizer to replenish what you took away, your body thinks it didn’t make enough oil the first time and makes even more to compensate. Take this from someone who knew nothing about skincare as an adolescent and did everything on the planet to make my teenage acne a million times worse.

Source:

https://www.scarymommy.com/pedicure-foot-care-tips/
Starting on the right foot

For example, when the UI/UX McKinsey expert asked me to send something to VG, he did it in ~2 sentences, quickly and easily understood. And emotionally well too, his first sentence was, I know there's a lot on your plate, so I'm sorry to bother you/ask for another thing.



Whereas when K asked me, she gave me a story of the reason why... And it felt like it was easily double the time.

AP - Need to staff people

Make plans with intention. I used to message multiple people when I thought of people, to make plans "someday." It's far more viable, efficient, and reflective of me in a way I want to be (doing what I say) to know of a date I'm free and ask a few people about that date (if they have anything planned that I can join) and possibly suggest an event I'd like to do :) Condition A: Focus on a few geographically close friendships, doing activities I genuinely enjoy doing. It's okay not to be friends with everyone. I realize now that my free time is incredibly limited when I'm staffed, thus, when I'm staffed, to optimize for Condition A, and be okay with free time, meaning time I can be present with my family here.Appreciate the progress. I made it out! I'm no longer feeling that gnarling lonliness I felt two months ago 3 


When an EA told me she puts her husband's wife as a priority when she asks for time on his calendar... because he's a family man (or something along those lines)



When my PD (or someone) told me that she knows a partner who **READS** on planes... and she makes the best of that time by reading a book. I didn't understand how much that's against the norm... and how most people are working on the plane rides.


heck, be killer at names



onwards and onwards

And this was all a dream

Generate a perspectiveThis is something taught in top business schools: generating a view with limited knowledgeUnderstand that not everyone is an expert... people don't really know as much as I maybe think they doThis is a mindset shift... work to practice it until it becomes a habit! :D oh and remember that PSes are non-hierarchical! ! ! Take more ownershipAdd more to daily check-in than can doMove a bit away from logisticsWork on keeping ball rolling on thingsEtc.Check in with Kathryn on a more scheduled, regular (weekly) basis



Pros: can-do attitude. Con-ish to this: I take everything at face value. Remember the story of "obligation to dissent." It is a core value and a favorite thing of some at the firm! It's definitely something unique here, and I want to live towards it.



Source: G



Ideas for self: be more helpful at feedback: be more constructive... this is what helps others! 


At McKinsey:



ReachUPGirls on the RunHomelessness researchSoccer team in AmsterdamI applied for One Young World



Past (still at McKinsey):



organizing the meet-up!helping organize a Super Friday



Also possibilities:



Generationwomen's initiativegreen team



Remember (this is what I've learned): 



What's worse than saying no to something, is saying yes and not doing it well.


Give answers instead of questions... Then people can challenge your answer if they disagree. It provides a deeper level of thinking, including because if you've thought through an answer, then it's already deeper than just asking questions.



My strengths I've learned:



I can be calming to others, not emit stress. (I'm still working on this. Breathing and perspective. Saying no to more things, letting go of things.)



I hope I'm coachable.



I am observant and I ask good questions.


the/a reason i dress well and my colleagues are pedigreed; it's for the clients.



Thing learned from ep 2: my professional persona is more than just the work I do... It's the full package (i.e. planning a team event)


Perhaps, when one has money, no matter what she does, she will make more money.



Criteria important to me: minor headache and growth 



Pay: $4690/month *this may be off because retirement contributions are pre-tax



Total contributions to retirement accounts: $703/month (15% of salary)



Contributing to Pre-Tax 401(k): 5% of salary [recently updated to 10%... numbers will need to be updated]Contributing to Roth 401(k): 10% of salaryCurrent YTD rate of return: 5.7%



Take home pay (before tax refund?): $1993/2 weeks = $3986/month



Automatic deposit to 2% VioBank savings account: $800/2 weeks = $1600/month (~a little under half of take home pay). This is my emergency fund (aka startup fund :)). 



Left: ~$1200/month



Spending breakdown:



Rent:  $300-500/monthFood: $50/week = $200/monthMisc purchases fund: $50/week = $200/monthPersonal "giving" spending*: $50/week = $200/month... $2,400/year = 4.26% of my salaryTransportation: ?



To do: Repurchase ETFs to strengthen my positions every month! (I should devise a system for this?). What about: $800/month here. $800/month in VioBank.



Also I did contribute $6000 to my Roth IRA where I can purchase more ETFs... (it's worth $500/month)



==



Mom says: max out contributions to pre-tax 401k every year



$19k/year



this makes sense; lowers my tax bracket now; has a healthy rate of return, plus I don't need the cash right now



--



*Giving spending fund... I should write a separate blog post about this. A takeaway from an unlikely contender in campfi.


When I feel a way:



1. Take a walk outside 



2. Take 3 deep breaths



3. Ask myself: what is important?


You're not happy. 



And I'm not happy.



We're just two unhappy people, trying to make each other happy?







I'm actually pretty sad.



It frustrates me how in your head you are. (I want to become more like you in this way)



How the world you see through those eyes, is a very much different world than mine.







What happened to what we had?



Was it just in my mind?



Were those things just seen through a rosy-eyed filter of a life I wanted? The experiences I came up with that he agreeably said yes to? That I thrust him as wanting to as well in my mind, and when reality's curtains came up, yes he's happy to oblige, but obliging is only exciting for so long.







And why.



Why is it easier to write about angst than contentment,



Why are you a thousand miles away,



Why did you choose to do that,



and why am I PMSing and you're freaking freaking not here.


That’s what the books teach us to believe, to buy ETFs, because arbitrages and opportunities leave in a minute. 



And others, they spend their lives thinking, living, breathing the markets. And they have all the information. 



So I / we can’t compete. 



I think from this time (CoVid), I’ve learned this stream of thought is not true. The delay in market behavior can be days, weeks, months. Also, the market (I’m using this to be analogous to stocks) often over corrects. Herd mentality? 


Make sure API and channel teams are talking, make sure roadmaps are alignedMake sure PMs are talking (incl what’s been done, shared learnings, things to keep consistent and less duplication of work), the organization has prioritiesMake sure requirements are complete and have review by necessary stakeholders prior to when the requirements going to dev



Overall, walkthroughs in general, with multiple stakeholders in the same room at the same time, allow for increased optimization of time / effort... there's less "throwing things over the fence" where people can get things wrong AND/or spend much more time individually trying to decipher requirement. And there's a sense of accountability: people should ask their questions there, and are responsible for knowing because they were there.


They carry truer the more steps of the way I take



I feel much more confidence in myself after a year here. I understand that I'm the owner of my workstream. I'm the expert. I manage-up. I'm the one who's thought the most on a piece, I'm the one who knows the insides and the outsides. I can talk with conviction. I'll ask questions, because I'm not afraid. I am selfish - I will do what it takes to get my workstream done, but doing so in a way where I understand the larger priorities of why this is important, and in a way that doesn't impede or negatively impact my relationships with others. I will balance this with working hard and showing that so that when I push back, I do it tactfully and not to make others (often at a "higher" position) feel disrespected. I will be cherry and positive and clear-minded and vocal about my priorities and needs. I will apologize when I don't do something right, part of ownership! I'm no longer intimidated by people of any titles (i.e. Partners, senior clients) because I KNOW they are counting on me to do my job so that they can succeed in their job. I will raise flags / lookouts as needed because that's part of managing up. I will defend the right to speak and get exposure because I'm the expert in my workstream and I'm proud of my work. I will listen to feedback and incorporate as needed. I will learn about different ways to conduct and lead. I will speak my mind. I will speak in meetings. I will be listened to. I will put myself in those situations... around those kinds of people, where I can thrive. I will take care of myself so I can add the most value to others. I will take a deep breath before reacting, because I know the way I act in times of stress is telling... and it speaks volumes to show my leadership in those times, and also people will judge me from those times for a long time afterwards. 



When I start talking in meetings and someone else starts talking too, I usually say "go ahead" but instead I'm going to practice just continue speaking sometimes, and then address that someone was speaking after, saying X-name, sorry I think I cut you off? / you were going to say something? etc. Which I've seen leaders, esp women leaders, do adeptly and I admire and feel good when I'm on the receiving end.



I've learned things on adding value, and how I can best do so. Including being reliable... this means doing what I say I'll do. I'll earn trust. I'll be on upward trajectories. I'll keep people in the loop - on what needs to be done, what are roadblocks, and look outs.



Oh hugely beyond being reliable: REMEMBERING THINGS when they're told! Learning quickly... When a partner / client / etc. tell us something ONCE, we have to know it. We become experts but also know when to ask for others who will help us in different contexts. I.e. understanding that a partner can provide value by having visibility to other discussions and advice on client interaction.



Obligation to dissent with reasons and alternative solutions. Providing potential answers with questions. Sticking to my obligation to dissent. 



Perhaps, there aren't any stupid questions. There are stupid actions - like not asking questions at a certain time... There are questions asked at some times when the time is not right.



5.7.20







5.10.20



Today's date is like a fibonacci sequence! 



Looking ahead at my next year at McKinsey, these are the experiences I'd like to gain:



International! (Maybe this will just happen in the secondment in Africa though)Try the following TOPICS: a) digital marketing, b) retail/consumer - ideally at a grocery store!, c) public sector study, d) real estate, 



Look back the sectors I got to try I'm pretty happy about: a) making my own women mentorship thing, b) going to UK for Young World, c) startups - consumer thing, d) digital business building!, e) something in GEM :)







More things learned: I'm a point of filtering... My "intelligence" is... I.e. if someone tells me to do something (i.e. needing engaging with someone else), I'll filter for, i.e. when is the right time to engage, is the info already there?, WHY are we doing this / why do we need this?, how to communicate this?


Someone once said this advice... about writing a list of 20 or so of your top priorities. And then crossing off every single one of them... except the top three. Circle the top three. Then don't think, dream, breathe on anything else. Have those top three consume you. Immerse yourself in the community. And you'll become an expert.



What we think will become what manifests



If I were to choose my top three priorities for the month of May and June... I think they'd go as follows:



Nicole + I's summer project :) BUILD! Something with real customers :)Learning from the best - online classes... in Psychology, Financial Modeling, etc. I want to read and write all the time (I'm writing more which I'm happy about!)Embodying the person I want to become



Not on list: Work, relationships with friends/ family/ boyfriend. Because I think they're good as is on maintenance. 



.



My top three used to be:



WorkSocial networkHealthRelationship with Jordan (not circled)



With number 1 far ahead of number 2 and 3 in terms of prioritization magnitude. I wanted to learn as much as I could from work. To take all I can from work, I would have to give it my all.



My relationship with J is not in the top 3. Here are my reasons:



i) I don't want to think about him more than he thinks about me; I think this can lead to dissatisfaction on my part from the relationshipii) Putting less effort into the relationship (now is mostly maintenance mode) allows me to do more in other facets of my life.



Risks that my relationship with J is not in the top 3: 



i) We can lose each otherii) We can / are starting to take for granted each other 



--



Today to write: a poem, this, and publish best purchases article.



I love my Sundays. I love my traditions. I love rainy days, because I don't feel guilty maximizing my indoor day.



Today's Mother's Day. Here's the plan: 1) Do a 45 minute virtual Barre class with mom. (OI gyms totally should do virtual mothers day gym classes so kids can bring their moms!) 2) Play piano for her?, 3) Give her a hug


On myself



Let him learn himself



Don't hold him back from learning his own lessons



That I've already learned



And took from granted that he did



But perhaps what I'm learning now is that people don't really learn until they go through the motions themselves



No matter how much their dad can say to value the time value of money



Perhaps it makes sense, to challenge the givens we know



To see where life can take us in those paths






from McK vs elsewhere:



we work backwards, to ensure everything is complete and proper time is allocatedwe do more than needs to be done... to minimize the times we're hard pressed for time come deadlines and ad hoc things come about... like trying to predict what those ad hoc things are before they come up... helps with lifestylewe finish things well and early to incorporate feedback. we do things and "push over" to the next person / client / decision making so that it's on them to do / review. I think sometimes in other companies, the person who needs to review (higher stakeholder / decision-maker) is asking those workers for the work, whereas here, we also manage up - meaning saying nicely asking the person that need to review for review... I.e. giving a reason (aligning with that person's goals too) and timeline and asking for the thing to be reviewed to be prioritized :)


Stories


Commit. Figure it out. 



Mantra from masterclass with Jimmy Chin


You’re either building someone’s belief or you’re increasing that person’s doubt. 


Reflection on essie's passing. - to my passing:



Maybe I don't want people to mourn me publicly - 



Maybe I don't want false truths abound -



Maybe it's because I dislike attention?







Anywho.



moot.


 Maybe , I don't know what else to aspire to , because I haven't found inspirational people that I want to be like... Unlike in high school when I saw people in college and right after college ! 



I'm clouded by 1-liners people say / have said... i.e. "everyone at age XX are all equally lost"



Furthermore, it feels like more of somethings would just create trade-offs that would disrupt my happy norm.



So, I'm going to decide to be secure, happy, and present.


Framework for financial investments... taking risks while I'm in my 20s!


How I think I'd make the most of this time... By living with new people for 1 month increments. Ideally, Seattle / West Coast for month / weeks in SeptemberThen Maine for a month in OctoberThen skiing in the winter



Working for anywhere - that freedom - with minimal / almost no obligations / responsibilities tying me to a place - that means I can enjoy the best of the US at every season.



AND because it's a global / national event - it means that I could do it alongside others.



Novelty, energy, progress






With people 



Develop relationships more than email!:)


Things learned from PM study at Nebraska:



embody / get to know users: if i were to do it again, i'd push for shadowing real current user flows earlier on



Things learned from PM study at GS:



More on ownership!! incl setting up the meetings that I need, incl getting sign-off by the leadership I need, incl making trade-off decisions as I needed



Things learned from other studies:



Lots!





not totally sure about the bed situation



nor wifi situation tbh



but overall, love being home


For 1:1 catch-ups, connect on people on personal levels. This is prob the most important :)


At the moment, I still think this a bit... and probably will until my bonus actually hits my account?


value prop in selling enterprise tools? and power / value of people!


so who do you choose to be?







Day 1 of Monterey house


Every single day, I feel a bit inspired. I feel good. My body feels good when the sun hits my bare skin.



Recently some updates:



I want to work hard for 6, 8 years? I want to anchor my mind on other careers and other people who I think have fulfilling, inspiring lives where they are at, and work like them. Other career examples could include surgeons, lawyers, even just doctors.... how many years of school they need to prep... and residency or so on.I want to continue keeping space from Jordan in my 20s or up to a certain point. I want to selfishly work on myself and my dreams. Because I know that I'm the type of person whose thoughts become consumed with optimizing my loved one's goals and actions. And I want him and I to both flourish individually so we can come together later strongly. 


Day 1 - 2/2/21



Time to value (more important than day to market)



Few companies that do product well: amazon, facebook, etsy, workiva(?), etc.



The hard thing about hard things - one of the best books on PM



"dont need to market your orchestra"  



fails to culture:



Engineering used only to deliver, Delivery oriented PM/PO roles, Limited customer interaction, Lack of focused goals / too many goals, Non validated feature-based roadmap, Limited data / insight, Focus on dates over results, Never revisiting the “MVP”, Limited x-functional collaboration, Long feedback loops, Lack of integrated design 



+ a slide on all the failures... incl failure aversion



Need to make sure that PM addresses all the risks on the slide before an engineer writes a prod line of code! (slide 23)



Collaborate at same time (PM, designer, engineer) instead of sequentially!



Focus on solving problems and results (instead of like a roadmap / timelines, etc.)



Engage engineers! in testing, playing w prototype, etc.



Apple focuses completely on customer problems



on public dates: SHOULD HAVE ENG / etc team to evaluate risks and help with the timeline



high integrity commitment: team does DD on risk, etc... so the team can say if we can deliver stuff by when.... 



solutions should be validated (incl continuously) for risks!! 



q: how to manage commitments? ex - open, honest conversation with leadership.... maybe trim the scope? go to exec with different options. what else can we stop to do this? or can we deliver most of the value without all the functionality? is this a resource question (getting more resource from another team)? **DATA beats opinions... go with data on why something takes longer to deliver... 



hybrid model is ok, NEED internal: tech lead, designer, and product manager. (other roles like eng can be outsourced if so)



he's not a fan of SAFE and POs... instead of focusing on stories being ready, focus on are we building the right thing



PM: value and viability of prod and accountability of team



Testing MWF - 3-4 hrs / week... is how to iterative quickly. incl w users?



random thought, these trainings cost ~$2500 / person and there are 60 people, thus this week of training, they'd make $150k.



jon@svpg.com


SVPG workshop, 2.3.21



4 hrs/ week on discovery needed for good solutions,



Spending 1hr every morning looking at data (to coming up with insight! To deliver solutions to drive the most value)



*looking for insights: see changes to understand WHY… prod strategy shouldn't change every quarter… but frequency changes depending on insights



Meeting free Thursdays - on team level - effective!



Roadmaps = root cause of ___



Don't focus on features and dates!



**objectives should empower to solve problems rather than deliver features



Teams need context: understanding of what other teams are doing, etc.



Software: 3-5 years to deliver a vision



Hardware: 5-10



Lots of companies DON'T have a product strategy! (problems to cover)



Instead they often start at product discovery?



Objectives from leadership (ex: "reduce X time")



Key results from product team



(ex: "reduce X time to Y days")



A negotiation!



But COMMON GOAL. Even if there are diff ways to achieve it



**MAKE High integrity commitments, meaning, leaders give a problem AND time for product team to do discovery… product team does discovery and gives a date.



(instead of being given a date!)



Smart strategy: leadership can expect failure… giving same problem to multiple teams, seeing which works! (diversified bets)



^similar to china companies



*leaders tell how aggressive to be (moonshot ideas - being ok with those not getting anywhere - leaders need to be ok with this)



*collaboration is normal… when a team has dependencies, the depending platform team for ex should have same objectives



Servant leadership  command and control



*early escalation of problems (share w manager who should help - with prioritization or whatnot)



*weekly review / check in/ sprint planning



Focus groups don't work cuz customers don't know what they want



(eg Amazon Prime, iPhone / blackberry, car / horse, etc.)



*hard to know what you want before you see it…



*focus groups would just tell you how to make current products better instead of innovation….



*too late for eng to see something if eng sees something first time in Sprint planning… they should see it earlier, to talk about technical feasibility.



PM = build trust by building the right thing… if you don't, and need to roll back / not reach users, then this decreases morale of engineers



*PM to involve all stakeholders! Incl legal, etc. Do the homework! Understand business restraints… incl customer care, marketing, comms, sales, etc.



If the PM can't attend user testing / user discovery, then cancel it.



"Sometimes its like being a doctor, we don't feel the pain, but keep diagnosing, iterating on treatments, till a prescribed approach solves the disease"



Have a discovery backlog, in addition to a delivery backlog


Why do I get this reoccuring feeling.... of... these lows on Fridays... after the "go-go-go" comes the period of utmost rest.



Like those days in high school I skipped... to be alone. Maybe a pattern on these days, is that I feel alone. Without too much of a choice. 



Small thoughts.. in knowledge. Like knowing that team event budgets are $85, when I had assumed $65... for meals, etc. But alas. 



Who we are, are who we are. The common threads from our childhood to our adulthood. I am me, you are you. And the world continues to turn. 



Again and again, at the end of the day, I am anchored by gratitude. I have everything I could ever want. What more could I ask for. The question that torments me sometimes... what more "should" I ask for? My one life, how do *I* want to live it? I'm happy and perhaps that's good.



Kathleen Qianmin Hu. What a journey of a beautiful 24 years you've lived. The time passes faster and faster, and I feel and see growth at each checkpoint. 


Day 3 notes, 2/4/2021:



From Desiree El Chebeir to Everyone: 07:01 AM



I have worked at Amazon for a number of years and have done/read many many of these. Don't hestitate to reach out if I can answer any questions



FAQ: tests you've run, frameworks / etc you've thought about



User interviews, go to market strategy, breakeven point



*appendixes can go over 6 pages



Good practice: send ahead of time of meeting



*you have to be succinct



*when someone else takes over, this serves as a history / documentation to go over



*people can focus on their own issues



*gives you a base to challenge different parts



"dreadful and wonderful - super helpful - exercise at once"



https://www.mckinsey.com/our-people/desiree-el-chebeir



Amazon



International expansion and seller experience



From https://www.mckinsey.com/our-people/desiree-el-chebeir



CEO/ founders should say: what do yo uthink of this idea, instead of "build it"



*try to try it out in a few weeks (say 2)



Cuz beyond that. Ppl fall in love w the idea



Reference (early) customers



*people who really really need the solution



*not sell at discount, they'd be willing to pay at full price… cuz people talk… if at discount, then discount price would become your future price



*not necessarily tech forefront people



*they are looking for change



*they need to recommend the product to the world.



*include reference customers in your planning



*MINIMUM OF 6, all from same specific target market



6-8 is sweet spot



PM should find the 6 reference customers using the PROTOTYPE before going into production…



^this is product-market fit…



Form of QA: "invite you to our early release program"



“If we have data let’s use it. But if all we have is opinions then lets’ just use mine.”



-Andreesen



"switching cost ok when something is 10x better"



Marc A is the best thinker on product strategy - read more by him!



QA:



Mehdi - to DM the guy:



Would love to see a good example of a product vision - as you described that ties back to data and insights from research and understanding of the problem




https://svpg.com/examples/




"MBAs "control for"? Risk, Entrepreneurs just learn to live with it"



Great book:



Cindy Alvarez: Lean Customer Development



Side thing related:



Google concluded that the most successful teams shared five traits:



1. Psychological safety



2. Dependability



3. Structure and clarity



4. Meaning



5. Impact



From https://app.slack.com/client/T1XE73DA7/D01C5Q0GMAM/thread/CGAA0BWJW-1612448314.021100



------



Product designer creates prototypes to test:



Feasibility, viability, etc.



Case study, Jon's exp at The Guardian



*international prod strategy - mobile - build international audience!



*international media brands…



A) Strategy, B) Operationalize



Diff types of prototypes. For Feasibility prototype, takes an afternoon - few days… needed when tech lead says to you, "hey I'm nervous"



*also done in "spike"… sometimes some engineers go out to try this… and due the DD on feasibility… coding!



ATV = average transaction value



*is one of the hardest metrics to shift!



Live test prototype: do it fast, can hard code stuff…



Ex: the bundle feature in Amazon for high ATV products.



Idea came from a curious engineer :)



In presenting to Bezos, they had a slide with 1 number, of the amount of $ the company would be LOSING if they didn't make the product live!



Don't listen to customers when: customers DON'T KNOW what's possible!! Why you need a product team!



(ex: Disney magic band)



Zappos initially was how they built things that don't scale… in the beginning, they built a page, when something's bought, a paper was printed and an intern drove down to the store to buy the shoes and then shipped them.



Comment: Jet.com did something similar!



*offline simulation: sometimes used to predict future behavior (for companies / products at scale)



Tomorrow: qualitative and quantitative testing



*testing for value….



---



Q I have:



do engineers build production products from prototype products? if yes, when? if no, can you speak more about the change for users from prototype to production?



A: diff quality thresholds for the MVP and prod! *sometimes can re-use aspects of protoype to prod quality… but most of code isn't re-usable. (cuz prototype has only done ~10% of work… ~90% of work still ahead of you)



*the design work can be reused



Day 4 - 2/5/21



PROTOTYPE - to win contracts, to gain funding…



To get users… build things quickly to get feedback quick (kickstarter, dropbox- on a youtube video, making a feature -without all the behavior built in- to see how many people select the option)



My question is still:



what stage would you recommend pitching a product to investors? when should it be a prototype or when should it be a more fully built product?



From https://app.sli.do/event/jpd0c2p1/live/questions



*answer was "it depends", talk to founders



Consumer show, las vegas



CES LV - industry has built in seasonality… displayed / shown / available



*movie, video game industries, auto show in geneva…



*BENEFITS of breakout rooms…



Virtual networking 3



Usability testers = human factor engineers previously



Book: Macintosh way - explains demos! Story telling. YOU WILL BE JUDGED. Focus on value and major changes (2-3 key things)



Book: sprint (from Google ventures) is a really good book!!



Google AdWords is 90% revenue of Google!



If roadmap culture, transition to outcome based roadmap (add business outcomes to the roadmap)



Me to read more on this :)




https://svpg.com/product-discovery-anti-patterns/




"How to make terrible software:



Make promises for one-off features for a single clientImplement themRepeat"



neema kechettira-uthappa



more cool peoplehttps://www.linkedin.com/in/neemauthappa



w exp in product from mck


Ex: when a Sr Partner I worked with (mostly exposed through planning a team event), reached out to me at the start of Covid to just check how I'm doing, I was pretty happy-go-lucky - I didn't know how to communicate with him and didn't want to take up his time.



I think a better mindset could be: I am adding value to him as well because I'm helping plug him into what junior consultants are feeling.





Source: https://us.moleskine.com/en/le-petit-prince-limited-edition-18-month-large-daily-planner-roses/p1854 










And people around me will greatly surpass me with the power of time.



^this was in my "about" page, but it's not my "about." So privately posting this here instead to track!


One potential system: publishing! 



From Priya's article (echoes similar sentiments I've heard elsewhere too): "blogging can be about a lot more than validation. writing has lead me to new friends and romantic matches. my co-living house, the rabbithole, has three co-founders: me, my boyfriend, and a boy who reached out to me after reading my tweets and articles. i've been pursued for jobs by people who are familiar with me only through my writing."


I dislike social media because I don't feel like I'm good enough and I don't want to engage in a competition of posting things??????? But does that end up just taking me OUT of the benefits that come with social media? Do I really know if I don't feel good and I feel comparative if I post things on social media (Instagram namely) but then don't engage in consumption of others' content?



MAYBE: if there's a way for me to engage only when I'm doing cool things in my life? And then to not engage (and to take a break) when I'm not? 


Hey Nicole,



Here's a potential ACT study plan for your summer. Much of the ACT plan will help you in the SAT too! I think it's worth focusing your efforts to study for 1 test at a time. It's not necessary to take both, but you can if you want.



When I was in high school, people didn't really talk about studying for the ACT or SAT, but it is worth going all in to study for (for a few months or so), getting a great score, and then not needing to stress about it anymore! You're wicked smart and incredibly disciplined, so I know you'll do awesome.



My mindset on ACT scores for the colleges you're targeting:If you want: when you study, aim for a perfect score of 36 (yay for motivating, concrete, ambitious goals). If you get a 36 - woooooooot!!!! You'll get some special recognition from HCHS, the state, and more.If you get a 35 on the actual test - that's awesome - in this situation, it's up to you if you'd want to try again for the 36 (my perspective is no - this score is good enough for your schools and it'd be wise to spend the time on other aspects of yourself and your application that make you distinct instead of using that time to study more for these tests). If you get a 34, 33, etc. - I'd recommend studying some more and retaking the test one more time. You can do it! The content isn't difficult and you'll have learned a lot from your real life test taking experience (which is inherently different than practice tests).



Study plan:



Decide on dates. Is there a 8-10 week window you can commit to studying for ~8-10 hours / week? Then pick and register for a testing date. Actually signing up helps hold you accountable.Pros / cons of summer vs school semester studying. You have ~3 months of summer vacation. I recommend taking the first 2 weeks to TOTALLY rest. Stack studying with other summer items... Otherwise hard to motivate...Design your structure. Example: First weekend - take a full diagnostic test (unless you already have done this or taken a test before!).During the week - Study a chapter Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7-9pm following the Pomodoro technique. Every weekend (around same time as actual test - usually morning) - take a full practice test or review your last test questions on alternating weekends.We can dive deeper into efficient studying approaches and specific tips for each section once you start!Treat your commitment for studying for the ACT (during the time-boxed time - e.g., 8 weeks) similarly seriously as you'd treat a school class. Understand that this test score is an element to your college application about as important as a grade in a class... and think about how much time you put into attending and studying for any class! Find accountability. Have someone hold you accountable to your goals and the study plan (I'm always happy to be your accountability partner ;)). The most brilliant plan can fall through if there is no accountability towards execution.



Tips I followed:



Mindset: You need to deeply understand your own reasons for why you want to do this. In addition, time-boxing your study time (e.g., 8 weeks of studying until your test) is extremely helpful for motivation, prioritization (you'll never have nor should put all the time in the world to study absolutely everything for this test - prioritization is important to focus on the most important things to achieve your goals), and less procrastination. Mobile Apps: Download a ACT (or SAT) prep app. Maybe try to download a few to see which ones you like the most. Move that app to your home screen. Build a habit to click it during those micro-distraction times in life when we go on our phone. I remember many bathroom breaks where I was reviewing SAT vocab because the app made it so easy to do so.This is a tip I've done for other tests in my life too. I had the Quizlet app for AP tests, I downloaded study apps for the GMAT.These apps on your phone (+ a notebook) are also easier than the full test books to bring anywhere! Grammar for English Section: Learning the tested grammar rules was most helpful to "easily" improve my English score. I still remember (and use) most of these today!Calculator for Math Section: Practice using your calculator smartly (there will be times it's faster to solve by hand). Know how you can solve problems creatively as needed (I remember getting a math question I was struggling to solve by hand. Then I plugged the equation in my calculator to plot a graph, zoomed to the correct range in the graph, and found an intersect. I did that because I knew how to use those features on my calculator). Possibly add calculator programs - but only if you intend to practice with them during your studying - otherwise if it's not muscle memory to use, it may take more time to use them on the actual test than not using them.On Practice Tests: Focus on learning from your mistakes. While taking practice tests, I starred the questions that I was unsure of. After the test, I revisited all (/ most of) the questions I starred, whether they were right or wrong, and read the solutions to understand the correct answer. Reviewing questions from a practice test isn't fun, but is really important to reveal mistakes you can learn to not do on the real test! Also be mindful of timing and approach when you take practice tests to simulate the real test. Timing is less important for example questions to practice specific concepts.Focus: Don't get inundated by the myriad of resources available. There exist so many ACT books, Quizlets, Khan Academy videos, blogs, etc. that there is not enough time to ingest everything. Pick a few good study resources (maybe primarily 1-2 prep books supplemented with a few website posts and phone apps) to have focused studying. Tune out the noise; it's okay to not do everything - a more focused studying will lead to better test score results.



Few internet articles that could be worth a skim: 



Best ACT Prep Books - TL;DR: buy and use the top 2 ACT prep books. Other than that, this article may not be worth fully reading.How to Get a Perfect ACT Score, by a 36 Full Scorer - long, but this article in it's entirety is worth a skimA Comprehensive Guide to Studying for the ACT - worth a skim section by section (when you're studying math for example, it may be helpful to review the math tips from this post. Same for science and English.)



Love from your big sis,



Kathleen



P.S. This is good practice (and self-efficacy-building) for self-initiating other things in life! Whether it's self-studying AP tests, starting your own club, or running your own business... there will be similar patterns in designing your own structure when life doesn't provide a straight forward one.


Breathe deeply. 


Thing re-learned / reminded: remember there are others even less fortunate than yourself. by magnitudes. give back. life is better helping others than necessarily dwelling completely on your own problems - which are so little compared to some others! (thanks dgl call - always love those)i am ready to go back to that space- of startups and dreams and tbh i love that ambitious communityi'm ready to commit the next 3-5-7+ years on one thing. i need to nail down the missing key from last round: people. i want to work alongside people i love and want to be more like. to solve for..


Perhaps a mindset shift for me to make sometime . Perhaps. Because I pivoted hard from consuming a lot of social media to not being much on social media / (accordingly, not producing much content).


Something to think about. 



Applying the work ethic I learn from here to somewhere else... perhaps somewhere else people don’t work as hard??? Thoughts 


gmailinstagrammessenger



ta-da! then my phone usage will decrease dramatically - i'd expect


5/10/21 possible college essay idea draft 



likely change first sentence to be more compelling.



My family and I climb the Swallow Cliff stairs about once every month. There are 125 thick ragged steps on the way up and 145 steps on the way down. Trust me, I've counted.



By junior year of high school, I am able to comfortably do 6 flights (6 times all the way up and back down); on amazing days, I've painstakingly done 10. Today, I've set a personal goal to do 20.



The first couple rounds start with the usual roughness. My heartbeat races with the very first flight up. 







Possible learnings:



to breathe... in times of hardshipwe are equalizers herethat everyone is climbing a different race



Takeaway:



I look around. I know what my race is. Convey what you are really passionate about.Show that you are really hard working for what you want. When you set a goal, you'll accomplish it :P



Maybe ways to format this:



Breathe. I've learned this in X, Y, Z (ex: tennis at state, nationals for BPA, hosting my first entrepreneurship club meeting). When my heart feels like it's going to explode, I Or: Breathe. I've felt this feeling a few times before. On stage presenting for BPA Nationals. Hosting my first entrepreneurship club meeting. Stepping on the tennis court at State. My heart feels like it's going to explode, and I am on the brink of crying. Breathe - my mother's voice says in my head louder. Like each time before, I start to take deep, collected breaths until my heartbeat is no longer in my ears and is back in my chest.Nineteen.Thinking about the different races - how everyone is in a different race - thirteen?Thinking about what my race is / what I'm willing to give it my all for - twentyMy hands touch the final steps before I crawl my feet up to meet them. Twenty.






New blog. 12 months. 12 stories. 


perhaps



my story is piano playing. i started first. i started when i was ~6 years old. i never really got into it, i didn't really progress all that much.



a family friend's daughter was ~12 when she started piano. the daughter genuinely wanted to play. she progressed a lot faster than i did... by the time she was ~15, she caught up and was on track to surpass me. the 6 years that i put into it before her did not mean enough. sometimes there are all these other factors in life... like who you are, where you are, your previous experiences, etc... like companies and talent... there are "games" where more time in doesn't mean you'll win in the end.



thoughts.


"#Africa, #thoughts, #people, #learning, #thankful


Dear parents, I’m doing the same 






Even if it’s to keep the things the same



Ex/ animal sanctuaries , ex? Spotify replacing existing radio! And other things replace just what’s existing!



Change is in power in dominance of many things in reliance of you


Good stories that could make



Twice yesterday when someone told me: "You're white"Likewise, learning about paying "too much" for groceries! wild!Also learning about the things Nicole mentioned: Masaai market with those clothes to bring to a tailor; also kickboxing instructorGrandma with the blue eyes, the gaze, the language barrier, the words and smiles. The boda bodas.



It feels good, to be learning so much, EVERY SINGLE DAY. That's where my sweet spot is :)


And balance and trade-off decisions for greater power and influence later on?


Maybe it was "STEP"



The first step def was "Situation"



or Context....



From a Blinkist book about "social engineering for good"t



Basically, for effective communication: Understand the situation and how the other person is feeling and the context! Super important first step to then communicate and know how to effectively communicate to them


i don't like when they're in mine.







I wonder what love stories this one can be. Tragic ones are most readable.


Bam. That relates. Words from a girl’s Twitter bio :)



https://twitter.com/celinehalioua?s=21


Damn. I came here without much expectation. 



I thought I’d like in somewhere very green and rural - like a farm area. 



Nairobi, man. This city is incredible. 



First, the people here. The community I built here. Wow. Everyone being so open and friendly. And kind and adventurous and fun. 



Bliss. I feel overwhelming bliss and gratitude. Sometimes it’s hard to move because of a huge surge of this feeling. Looking around, I have so much. 



How do I have so much? How do I have a beautiful body, blessed with my figure, my height, my health, my athleticism. How do I have the best family, so so so freaking supportive, so full of love, so wonderful always. How do I have the best boyfriend. We have our health, we have our minds. 



My career. How do I have the best skills, education, experiences. How do I have the best friends, the best network, the best mentors. How did I get so fucking lucky. 



This world, I started with some intentions… and then the world blew my intentions out of the water. Exceeded my wildest expectations. 



Living here, sometimes I think of Catcher in the Rye - when there is the boda driver who delivers my fruit before the rain on his birthday. How happy he looks. How torn his pants are. How this makes me feel sad. 



When these people who don’t have that much, or at least are working fucking hard - even like Caroline our house cleaner. And then finally, they are so fucking happy, cheerful, etc. Damn I just feel .. sad??



I should share more. Send Caroline some money? Make her some brownies or something? Give her some food or something? I have everything. I sit and make money. Others live hand to mouth, working so so so hard!



Perspective. It’s relative. Life works. Life is great. How can I not work hard. 



When I came to kenya, I hadn’t physically met / known a single person here. I didn’t expect:



I’d climb the tallest mountain of Africa



I’d get scuba diving certified and swim with turtles, dolphins, mantis shrimp



I’d learn about leadership from horse riding lessons - and that I’d gallop and jump (this was involuntary!) on a horse in Mt Kenya region en route to mao mao caves. 



I’d get hooked on kite surfing. I’m hooked. 



I’d visit the world’s (or Africa’s?) largest slum 



I’d find some incredibly beautiful clothing pieces at secondhand stores 



I’d have the best camping experiences 



I’d view my mom in new eyes - she’s so freaking awesome more so than I ever thought



I’d attend the best parties I ever have 



I’d eat such flavorful food. The produce is so fresh!!



I’d meet such friendly, caring, loving people in the local people. Who care! Who provide the most excellent service. The honey waxes, the Swedish massages, the pedicures, the foot reflexology, the clean room and clean sheets and people who just fucking amazing. Personal service and attentiveness. And the personal training. The gym I walk to. The arboretum I walk to. The Sunday yoga. Damn I’ll miss that. 90 minutes of zen. Mindfulness in yoga, horseback riding, kite surfing. My beautiful friends. Stepping away from the US life I knew to chase adventure - a wild African adventure. 



I’d laugh so so so so so so so so much. I didn’t realize I’d find a family in my roommates. Mae, Cameron… you two have made me laugh until my stomach hurt more times than I can count. You gave me a feeling of safety and security. 



That victorious youth. Some soundtrack of youth seems to play in my mind as I replay these memories. 



Appendix



My bare feet pressed in the soil. Living a freedom that feels right. The wonder house. Wonder. 


Will be primarily a continuation of 2021 - the things that worked well



1. Learn about how a startup CEO runs his startup.



Random thought: I could be a Chief of Staff advisor. For all these startups that are hiring Chief of Staffs, I can share best practices through an hour advisory sessions! Esp when they are setting up new functions.



For side income. Say charging $200 / hr.



I could go over:* roles and responsibilities for this function - how to leverage this role to maximize leverage for CEO* who and how to hire for this role (what to vet for)* how much to hire for this role based on experience, how to close and effectively sell to candidate you’re excited about * tailoring this for your specific organization and CEO * how to expand this function in the future * career path and how to grow here* onboarding best practices? First projects? (Big ones incl: OKRs, AOP, investor relations, special projects and what those could look like)



Lol, tbh I could throw up a page and have a 2-sided marketplace. I could blog on why CoS is the best job :P



2 sided because, one side can be like prep for job seekers, and the other side can be like prep for HR / CEOs / companies



This could be good practice on my end to write about what I know, and add value to the world! The market isn’t that big, but perhaps it could become bigger… like how this role could shift for who it works for (CEO, CFO, CPO, etc!)



2. Kite surf and surf a lot. As much as I can! Ideal goals: be able to comfortably surf up and downwind, and do a small jump! 



3. Horse back ride a lot too! My ideal weekday living in a city in Colombia / Kenya / etc. would include 45 minutes horseback riding 3-5 times a week! Would be so great to get better at cantering, get to galloping in trails, and overall, much more control of a horse. 



^ the above two would be my optimal workouts on a somewhat regular cadence. In addition, meditate often! Journal somewhat often. Write often too. Writing is still a good forum for creating content in an easy way, for compiling my thoughts.



Additional thought: I’m going to take Stephen’s recommendation and focus on one thing at a time. Perhaps I’ll be a CoS at Turing then for one year, and determine where I want to go after that, in terms of building my own thing and my own team! 



Current top ideas for building my own thing:



A) Home decor company for US audience :) with products from Kenya. Owning the end to end supply chain here. 



B) TBH would be hella cool to create East Africa (or Africa’s!)’s largest marketplace for artisanal products. Selling the story for greater customer understanding if products are not available? Or tbh raising money and scaling this. Incl owning a warehouse for this.



C) for later on, when I’m pregnant, I’ll likely go all in for a few months to kick start the “re-imagining parenting” project. Part of this, I should continue to do research by having conversations and writing and publishing some findings.










Are coming of age and quirky films, with awesome soundtracks



Like



500 days of summer






I had this fear for a few years... 



I often surrounded myself with people - jumping from one gathering to the next (from friend hangouts to club meetings to whatever meaning I'd try to find)



When I was physically alone, I sought comfort in the digital world - endless pings in messenger, facebook notifications, whatnot



at 25, i paused and looked around - perhaps i've already built a strong base of a community around me, emotionally i feel secure. and now, i often prefer actually being alone than with "most people." it's comforting and more fun to spend time doing things solo, with my own thoughts.


Reimbursements / Expensing / For employees to easily use their perks and for employers to easily manage this tooRecruiting??? Making this just... 10x better... like framework or agreements? with like response times, being transparent with pay earlier, etc.Learning and development too... this... how do we make this 10x better.. so many companies have this budget; also something i personally learned from McK that I might not have learned otherwise: to seek industry learning and continuously take classes etc (in real world, like college, you often need to pay for these), but it's honestly so helpful!.... maybe expensing these would go under the first idea...


one word: impact



two words: impact + fun



three words: impact + fun + community



there's something so addicting about the 0 to 1 process of building. 



actually building something!! where there existed nothing. and meaningfully elevating the lives of many.



In Africa / Kenya, there are so many opportunities to create things. There are so many opportunities to make substantial impact. I got a taste of this at One Acre Fund with designing and actually scaling out IIP. What incredible fun. What insane impact.


i'm eating brilliantly red strawberries from the North Beach farmers market. each bite of these small berries explode the flavor of what strawberry is- beyond anything i've had in a long while. (financial cost: $5 / basket)i'm walking home from Liguria bakery with a freshly baked slice of rosemary and garlic foccacia bread, wrapped in parchment paper and white twine. (financial cost: $8 / focaccia)when i'm perusing my local library and find a beautiful book with a heart post-it note on the inside cover: "i enjoyed this so much. hope you do as well =)" (financial cost: $0)when i'm working and living in a new place with a brilliant quality of life, and i'm in beautiful nature that i wouldn't know about or have easy access to explore if i wasn't living there. (financial cost: relatively the same as if i were to live in SF)when friends and i share life stories through genuine questions and interested listening that prompt new personal discoveries and tickled curiosities. (financial cost: $0)



theme: the things that make me feel most wealthy are the things that are typically hard to acquire regardless of money, but some are easier to acquire through intentional life decisions. i like living a life feeling wealthy: i like living general day to days feeling full, i feel a strong dislike towards "living for the weekend." 



one more item that i was debating on including in the list:



going to bed and waking up with the person of my dreams. these are among my favorite moments of a day. having a routine together. (along theme of above, i'm scared of just co-existing and going through the motions)


when i first moved in with J in Chinatown SF, i was reminded of negative emotions: 1) of a boy's place here i stayed at before. 2) of the dirty streets exacerbated by the cantonese people who sometimes acted kind of rude. 3) the smell of chinese herbs, seafood, medicine, etc.; smells that i didn't find all that pleasant



recently, Chinatown SF has been feeling like magic.



there's an element of the visuals i see, in a similar portrayal (neon light, larger than life, magical!) as the movie Everything Everywhere All At Once.



for instance, i live across the street from a time traveling agency.



another instance, there are 100+ year old standing structure maintaining the same purposes as before (e.g., selling focaccia, selling mooncakes, playing shows, making mai-tais). there are all these plaques on streets and on buildings about the history of these places. the triangle bordered by Kearny, Colombus, Broadway that used to be the most dangerous district in SF. there is celebration of poetry (Beats), of display (first strip club in the US is still here?), of culture (e.g., parks with elderly asian people doing tai-chi to traditional music, north beach festival with the streets shut, noodlefest in Chinatown, dragon-dancing on the streets in the weekends with other festivals celebrating asian-pacific culture).



i live a close walk from North Beach farmer's markets on Saturdays, with the most delicious strawberries.



our go-to noodle shop and sandwich shop now speak to me in Chinese. there's a comfort feeling in this language. i miss it.



Coit tower is a 10 min fast-walk away. the park there feels secluded, private, peaceful - in a way that i don't always get at Lafayette park or Alamo Square park.



the most delicious pineapple bun (it was warm! smelled like happiness) is at the bakery next door, that offers $5 "surprise bags" everyday at 6pm.



i get boba once every few weeks at lady luck cafe when i'm feeling a sugar crave. the roasted oolong with 10% sugar.



we're an enjoyable bike ride to friends in Hayes Valley (love biking down Market St where the streets are open only to buses and bikes). we're so close to Embarcadero and the water. to the bike paths there that lead you to anywhere you want to go (Marina, Mile Rock Beach, Mission Bay, onwards)



to be frank, there aren't many other districts of SF that i'd rather live in.



+ there's the kind-of-interesting appeal. telling people you live in Chinatown and most people wondering why... 


theme: life is long. metrics are focused on the longer run, because a shorter duration can have noisy data.



this post is a potential framework to evaluate for long-run professional success. note: i don't actively use this framework to evaluate people, instead this is written from my emerging observations.



right metrics:



thoughtfulness - how they make you feel when you spend time with them (ideally: alive, seen, cared for, present, better, energy gaining, safe)kindness - how they show up when you're low.intelligence - tbh, i'm not totally sure how to assess this in friendships - i think it's more determined from other assessment formats (e.g., college they attended, jobs they've done, papers they've published, projects they've built, what others say about this person). integrity - if they do what they say they'll do.persistence - if they continue doing things. regardless of if they say directly say they'll do them or not.their network - both the inner network of people they spend a lot of time with and the outer network of people they have access to. 



wrong metrics:



how much money they've raisedhow much money they spendhow much press they've garneredhow many likes their photo gothow many women or men they've been withhow fashionable they dresshow loud or soft they talkhow many exclusive social events they attendhow many lavish travels they collect



that said, there can be correlation between the wrong metrics and long term "success" of someone. just don't anchor on those to be the direct correlation; instead focus more on the ones in the section "right metrics."



another note: if i were to share the "right" metric for my close friends, the main one would be: "how much they make me laugh"


idk why but people seem to always get the lie



alas, here they are:



Sang the Canadian anthem for a Toronto Maple Leafs hockey gameFavorite vacation place in the US is IowaSF apartment is across the street to a time traveling agency

Hi world. This is Kathleen/Kat/KB/Qianminhu.

I'm on a resolution to publish ~250 or ~500 words of my thoughts every Sunday from October 29th, 2017 to October 29th, 2018.

My reasons for this new habit are because I want to improve my communication skills and shift towards becoming a producer of content. I'm looking forward to seeing how my writing style and mindset will change and improve by the end of this year.

A few specific skills I will acquire from this resolution:

	More concise communication and expression: improved efficiency and effectiveness in writing and articulating my thoughts, conveying what I want to say in the most impactful way given less time
	Improved vocabulary and command of the English language
	Story-telling
	Finding and developing my personal writing style and voice
	Public accountability



That's all. Thanks for reading!



~Q
May 2nd, 2007 was the date I joined Facebook. I was in elementary school and it was over ten years ago.





My peers and I learned and developed social media etiquette at the same time we were learning real-life social etiquette.

As I moved cities and countries growing up, Facebook was the invaluable tool to connect to the friends I couldn't see in-person.

In my first years of college, Facebook was the place to know what events were happening, to stay connected to the constant stream of new people I met, and groups for everything (RSO groups, interest groups, for sale groups, clothing swap groups, ride share groups, etc. etc. etc.).



August 27th, 2017 was the date I deactivated Facebook for a resolution of 57 days. It was the Sunday before the first day of the fall semester of my senior year at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

I wanted to "buy" myself more time this year. My facebook feed was blocked on desktop with this Chrome extension that replaces the feed with a motivational quote. Yet I noticed I was spending about 30 minutes to an hour every day on Facebook when I was on my phone. I was clicking through articles that were shared by the pages I liked or viewing memes as I scrolled through my feed.

The memes were not adding value to my life. The articles I read were selected by Facebook's algorithms and my preference biases, meaning I clicked on articles shared by the pages I followed which often reinforced my narrow views and beliefs.

It takes 66 days to make a new habit.

I took a look at my academic calendar. There are 114 days in the semester from the first day of classes to the last day of final examinations. I decided to build my new habit of leaving Facebook starting with half the semester, 57 days.





I successfully completed this goal and reactivated Facebook at the end of October. I kept my account active for about a week and have since deactivated it.



Look out for a future post about the mindset shifts gained from this experience!
Have an amazing week.

xo

Kat



	
 Purposeful Ingestion of Content with Less Bias


          I used to get my information on current events from Facebook. I learned when something happened when I'd read a friend's opinionated status reacting to the event, or when a news source page I liked published an article about it. The first weeks I left Facebook, I was out-of-touch with the world happening around me. There are pros and cons of this. An advantage is that I wasn't emotionally affected by things around me that I wouldn't have helped anyway. For example, when there are shootings or natural disasters around the world, I've become somewhat desensitized to these, meaning that it's not in my habit to donate money to help these causes.
          When I was on Facebook, Facebook was my go-to source for reading material. After leaving it, I subsidized my reading with more purposefully chosen content sources. I made time to read more published works of books, plays, and poetry. I picked up a newspaper (they're free for students!) some days when I had class in Gregory Hall or the Digital Computing Laboratory. I subscribed to specialized content tailored to my interests, from the Hustle (a current events in tech weekday email newsletter) to Tim Ferris' podcast.
I think my new content sources are less biased and allow me to form educated opinions from well-rounded information.
          My approach to new people falls under this category as well. Before I deactivated Facebook, when a friend would mention someone I didn't know, it was instinctual for me to search that person on Facebook out of curiosity. Now that I can't, I have to judge people based on my interactions with them, not their curated online profile, and vice versa for how others judge me. And if I don't end up meeting them, then I don't waste my time looking them up.





	
Being Present in the Present


          Because I no longer had an online profile on Facebook, this made the relationships with people physically around me feel more important. When I was on Facebook, I felt pressure to stay connected to people I met. This meant adding people as friends, staying in the loop of their life updates, making an effort to meet up when we were in the same geographic location or attending enough events to stay in touch. This is impossible with ~2000 "friends" and fairly stressful to try.
          Post-Facebook, I developed a new outlook on my relationships with people. I let go of trying to stay connected with people outside of my close circle or physical location perimeter. I felt happier focusing on the quality of a few friendships and feeling unburdened with maintaining too many connections. I meet new people around me, feel more connected, and live more fully in the present.
          I'm more appreciative of the people around me every day and those in my close circles. And I'm okay when connections drift apart, when people leave my immediate life, because I'm grateful for the time they have been in my life, and I know life is a journey of continuously meeting new people around me with similar interests as I grow.
          Initially, I had a fear of missing out on events and group discussions that were happening on Facebook. However, when I became more invested in the relationships of the people around me, I found no shortage of personalized invitations to hosted events through verbal conversation, text, or Facebook Messenger. (Deactivating Facebook doesn't deactivate one's Messenger account, so communicating with Facebook friends and anyone with a messenger account isn't impeded!)



	
Time, and How I Define Time


          The leaving-Facebook challenge was first motivated by a desire to "buy time." I became obsessed with the concept of time. Why does it move quicker as we grow older? Why does seemingly everyone complain about not having enough of it? Can there be enough time? How can I alleviate stress and focus on what matters with efficient time management? What are "hacks" to maximize time to "make" more time for what matters in my life? What matters in my life?
          I struggled with finding personal answers and hypotheses to these types of questions and more. My answers/hypotheses so far are: Time moves quicker because we're more and more accustomed to it passing. There's enough time for what matters. It's important to figure out what matters to each person. Calendar audits and an hourly schedule of what I need to get done help me manage my time to do more of what's important to me and what I enjoy. I'm most productive in the morning and most vulnerable to distractions (procrastinating, eating unhealthy foods, etc.) at night. Thus, if I go to sleep earlier and wake up earlier to work in the mornings, I can stick to my goals, get a healthy amount of sleep, and be more productive in the morning.



          Lastly, my one habit of deactivating Facebook made making and achieving more habits easier. To keep myself accountable and motivated to stay on my goal, everyday I'd write the number of days I was into the challenge on a whiteboard in my room. The habits I listed on my board started with just "no Facebook" but grew to include more daily priorities like eating foods with less sugar and sodium, being mindful of my posture, being appreciative, taking care of my skin, removing my phone from my bedside at night, and meditating in the morning.

I highly recommend a Facebook-detox whether for a month, half an academic semester, or longer.



Thanks for reading and have a spectacularly phenomenal week.

Kath (:
I'm not a religious person. Maybe spiritual, or aiming to be spiritual. I have this vision that once I'm 60 years old and my kids are grown up, I'll be dedicating a segment of my life to a personal journey of exploring religion wholly. I will read the texts of Christianity, Taoism, Buddhism, the Islam faith, and more. I will study sacred words and learn from people involved in and leading their faiths. I envision traveling to temples in India or China for understanding where Buddhism is from, what it means in the purest forms. It'll be a pilgrimage to find my own mecca. I haven't sorted out the logistics yet.

After thorough exploration (or mid-exploration if I find my higher calling early), I envision myself as a 60+ year old spiritual, religious woman, dedicating some of my time left on this earth abiding by the higher calling. Until I educate myself of what's out there in the world, I intend to stay away from the discussion of whether Someone(s)/thing(s) exists up there or not.

That said, my blog post this week is inspired by attending Sunday service today at a Christian church with my mom. This is about gratitude, in time for Thanksgiving.

The pastor mentioned a few negative experiences that may occur in one's lifetime, from getting foreclosed to getting fired to getting a divorced. As someone with no experience with any of the three, it was easy to think how those examples might be a good thing in the long run, whether it's moving somewhere better for you, working at a job better for you, or finding a spouse better for you. Then he said the example of if a parent passed away. I was caught off-guard. How could he turn something like that into a good thing? Unlike the prior examples, we can't just "get" better people to replace our parents after they're gone.

His following words spoke loudly to me, answering my confusion.

Love the past to be happy in the present. 

That's life. People come and go, even our family. Time heals all. Let go by living in the moment, truly cherishing those around you in the now, look only fondly upon the past, to be happy in the moment.

You're in charge of your happiness.

I had heard this so many times before. My being, my happiness, my health is heavily affected by my mindset in every situation. And my mindset is a conscious, continuous choice.

Then a slide came up on the screens:

Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos into order, confusion into clarity. 

This spoke to some thoughts I had been trying to make sense of, on what I want in my life (they change based on the location I'm in, the industry I'm working in, the people around me), and what my life may mean.

Which ties into future blog post ideas! Tune back here for future posts on topics such as my current definition of life, on what I learned from the time I dropped out of college on a pursuit for clarity, and on what I gained from joining a sadistic team sport (spoiler, it's rowing!) to numb my thoughts.

Happy Thanksgiving readers!



With gratitude,

Kathyleen

	Sleep is important.
	But you can't chase your dreams when you're sleeping, so sleep just enough.
	Take care of your health, because
	Life is long.
	Stress less, because see #3
	Love the process.
	Be a good family member.
	Good and bad are arbitrary.
	No one is at fault...
	So for unfavorable outcomes, find reasons for how you can control. Take responsibility to not make the same mistakes and to learn.
	The importance of habits.
	How to develop habits.
	Tune out the noise.
	Love yourself.
	Be self-reliant.
	How to be with oneself/"alone".
	Trust is important.
	Trust can be achieved by honesty.
	Live life in all aspects adhering to honesty.
	Build your reputation by being hard-working and honest.
	In communicating, be open and level-headed.
	In making decisions, listen and be level-headed.
	Achieve being level-headed by thinking logically, thus allowing the logical part of your brain to overcome the emotional part.
	Honest feedback is important.
	Treasure the people that provide honest feedback because they care about your success.
	Don't take feedback personally.
	Don't take really anything personally, because everyone's concerned about him or her own life, and less yours.
	Start with the why.
	Support each other in pursuit of goals and dreams. This "unconditional", stable love that allows each other to pursue and achieve even more.
	Quality  Quantity.
	The contradictory value of time. (How time is the most valuable thing we have, yet the easiest thing for most people to give away.)
	Stay fit to do/live more. I.e. sprinting across San Francisco to catch the last overnight Greyhound to L.A., or water-skiing with a friend with a friend with a boat on a spontaneously, sunny Sunday, or deep water soloing after backflipping from 40 ft cliffs, or climbing cranes after moonlit bike rides to ice cream farms, or do you remember those times we swing dance to live music, our feverish twirls disrupting any sense of equilibrium, dispersed feelings of light and sound, these feelings of being alive, with you.
	Posture is important. For health and for self-esteem and for how others view you.
	Think long-term, have foresight.



Edit Dec. 15, 2017: Adding a few more:

35. Discipline is a cornerstone of success.

36. Frugality breeds freedom.



Edit Mar. 16, 2018: (this one he said over summer, but it's resonating with me more now)

37. There's no excuse to not live the life you envision, starting now and every day from now.



Thanks for teaching by example. Your actions, discipline, and work ethic speak volumes. And I've been listening.



P.S. This past week was Thanksgiving break. It feels like not even yesterday was when I wrote my post before this one. Yet another week passed by. One week in an approximate 4276 weeks of my life if I were to live to 82 years old. (52.1429 weeks in a year multiplied by 82 years.)

How time eludes me. Here's a fun visual read on how people spend time.



Have a bomb week.

Love

K


I'm going to start a series with the tag "dear_nicole" of posts that I'll share with my sister Nicole throughout her life. 

 I'm 8 years older so this is blunt big sister advice. I want the purpose of these to expand her knowledge of what's possible, and it'll be up to her to decide how much of what to actually implement.



Dear Nicole,

This letter's for when you enter high school. First off, congrats on graduating 8th grade. I hope you got into Symphonic Band in 8th grade and performed at Disney World. I hope you had amazing memories touring D.C. with your end of the class trip.

Let's get into this.

Here's what I recommend:



#1: Get Good Grades.

The Why:

	Good enough grades are a pre-requisite to a lot of opportunities that you know about now, as well as opportunities you may not know about now. Good enough grades are a baseline to show the world that you can work hard and are intelligent. You never know what program/scholarship/whatever it is you'll find out about that you'd love to do, but may have a GPA cut-off. It can often be the first door of judgment before you can advance in application processes. This will be the same in college for post-college fun like jobs, scholarships, fellowships, graduate school admissions. If you want to be with the top, be at the top.

The What:

	Good enough grades mean being in the graduating class' top 5%. This is about straight As in honors and AP classes with maybe 1 or 2 Bs throughout high school.

The How:

	Work really hard in classes but do not make it seem like grades are your everything. People who are openly obsessive about grades are not the most fun to be around.
	Take on as many classes as you can do well in/get As. Take challenging (mostly if not all honors/APs) classes but don't take on too many each year. It's okay to take a study hall or electives.
	Tune out the noise. Do not listen to the peers around you who complain about grades or the difficulties of classes. Always strive for excellence for yourself. The other successful students are not the outspoken ones. A technique I use is channeling my competitive side. I think, if __(insert someone)__ can do well in this, then why couldn't I? What are they doing differently? How much time do I need to spend on schoolwork or how should I change my study habits to do as well as or better than him/her? Also, although grade distributions aren't usually published, the largest amount of grades handed out each class is in the B range, but closely following is the A range.
	Figure out what it takes for each class to be successful. I recommend spending time taking notes on the readings before the class (you'll usually get syllabuses in high schools so you can look ahead on what chapters will be covered) and attempting homework as soon as it's assigned so that you can spend class time solidifying your understanding of the material, engaging in classroom discussion, and asking the teacher questions. If something is difficult, it just means you need to put more time into it. Be resourceful, and willing to seek help.
	Maintain amazing relationships with your teachers.

	Do this by being that kid who engages in the class, asks questions on the material, and speak to your teachers outside of classes, either right after class, in the morning, or at the end of the day.
	Most definitely review exams and assignments with teachers to understand why you got the grade you did (i.e. you can ask about what kinds of questions you're struggling with), and how to improve.
	More "easy" possible questions to start conversations:

	Questions on the topic for clarification
	Questions beyond the scope of the topic that you're interested in learning about
	On Mondays before class starts, you can ask how their weekends were
	Learn about his/her interests and share your own naturally so that you can follow up on them and talk about commonalities
	Ask for advice on study success, their experiences, general life advice
	Learn and talk about current events related to the subject


	Teachers will be writing your letters of recommendations, can guide you on how to improve, and can connect you to opportunities. When a teacher likes you, then you'll enjoy the class experience more and it'll be easier to put more effort into the class. Grades are often subjective to what the teacher is looking for and assessing so communication with him/her will provide a more efficient use of your time in knowing what to focus on for assignments and studying.


	Manage your time meticulously. I recommend blocking your time with Google Calendar and having a continuously updated "get-done" list in order of importance and deadline.
	Be or become genuinely interested in the material. Start with the why. Figure out your personal reasons for why you're excited to learn the material, regardless of the subject. Reasons "why" that worked for me:

	You're expanding your brain with new knowledge about the world! Sake of intellectual curiosity, thirst for learning.
	 Realize you're learning important material in a class that will get built upon, so really understanding the material now will set you up for future success as well by making future classes easier (esp. if you're going from honors to AP classes).
	Find ways beyond the class to relate material to real life applications.
	You'll have the amazing opportunity to connect with a wider amount of people for the rest of your life.









(1/3)





Edit:

Make sure to not be one of those kiddos visibly obsessed with grades.

If you don't get a pristine GPA, you'll be fine too. I did terribly in contrast to my friends, and I think I turned out to be right where I'm meant to be.

Make sure you live your life, pursue interest fully, etc. outside of classwork.

Also, I have a few study tips I found through trial and error through the years that you should remind me to tell you when you start high school :)



3

K
This blog post is inspired by Tim Ferriss' book Tribe of Mentors. Ferriss asks a set of questions to people at the top of their industries. Before reading everyone's answers, I wrote down my own answers to the same questions to self-reflect.

Today's post is my answer to "What purchase of $100 or less has most positively impacted your life, in recent memory?"

This semester (Fall 2017), my best purchases were graph paper notebooks. I bought these in bulk which made them even more worth their price. At the time of writing this, the 6 pack is $21.03 with Prime free shipping on Amazon. At about $3.50 each, they come out to similar prices as my college ruled 3 subject notebooks that have smaller pages and are of less quality. I was looking for graph paper for practicing case interviews at the beginning of the semester but hadn't found a pad with great reviews. I was recommended these notebooks by the T.A. at office hours for Solid Mechanics. Now I use them for all my classes (in addition to OneNote) for taking notes, doing homework, and doing extra problems. They make studying easier, more organized, and I enjoy studying/taking notes more because of them!

Last semester (Spring 2017), my best purchase was a vintage, mint green Bianchi road bike with the full original Campagnolo set.

I got it for $100 at the Prairie Club Bike Sale where proceeds were donated to support the Kickapoo Rail Bike Trail. I can write pages on my love for vintage road bikes. I think they're great investments because I save on transportation costs and time in college, it boosts my exercise, and it makes me happy and grateful on pretty much a daily basis.





Onwards to a new week, onwards to our lives.



Kat






New category of posts: "thoughts". I'll be posting as they come, in addition to posts every Sunday!
aka don't let money be a factor in not doing something, or in the scale you envision something to become.
Like really wealthy. Like the I-don't-need-anything-more-in-my-life kind of wealth.

I think a lot of people obtain this for periods of time even when we're younger. When people ask, what do you want for Christmas? What do you want for your birthday? Weren't there times you thought, "nothing."

Society's consumerism places a stress on us to want things.

For many of us (speaking for my peers and I), we already have what we need to be free and happy. We have our health, good people around us, a roof over our heads, shelter against the elements, and access to nutritious, fresh foods.

Then, we have all these supplementary things that make life incredibly comfortable. We have technology at the cheapest prices they've ever been meaning more access and more capabilities, free wifi everywhere (i.e. libraries, coffee shops, etc.), and just access! Access to pdfs of the great literature of all times, access to communication and reaching out to millions of people around the world, access to wisdom and knowledge and with all of that comes power if we so want it.

Wisdom comes from all. When you see people doing something you'd like to emulate, that is wisdom. Conversely, when you see people doing something you recognize as what you don't want in your life, that is wisdom as well.

It's hard to break from consumerism and brilliantly engineered tactics to take your time and money. It's difficult, but necessary, in order to achieve fulfillment to the brink.

Peace and love,

k

Update March 23rd, 2019:

I found a quote that strikes a chord with me: "Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants." -Epictetus
I highly recommend this chrome extension to anyone: Momentum

Today's homepage looks like this:

The featured quote by Winston Churchill "Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential" reflects today's blog thought post.



Cheers.

KB


[caption id="attachment_media-35" align="alignnone" width="2784"] Some of my favorite places in Paris.[/caption]



This list is geared primarily towards the college-aged demographic (aka the frugal).

Food list:

Go to any boulangerie and try different breads. There are so many kinds of bread and you can ask for different ways of make. For example, "pain bien cuit" is cooked longer in the oven than "pain plutôt blanc" or "pain pas trop cuit."

Pair the bread with cheese from a grocery store or cheese stall. Just go for that cheese you've never seen or heard of. If you're soft (or are limited in the number of days you can try cheeses), go for a camembert. Eat the rind.

Drink wine and cidre if you're over 18 or under 18. Just drink it if you want to, responsibly.

Try foods from other cultures. There are eateries serving amazing cuisine from Africa to Japan. I had the best bánh mì of my life in Paris' Asian neighborhood, the 13eme arrondissement. I tried this phenomenal Indian cocktail near Canal St. Martin. Go visit the 13eme arrondissement and Canal St. Martin.



Things to do: 

Rock dance. Just try it.

Run along the Seine, take a boat cruise along the Seine, drink along the Seine, ponder your life's purpose and make merry with people who make you feel alive, full of wonderment, reckless, young, free, invincible, hungry, along the Seine, underneath the stark moon reflected in the peaceful waters.

Take public transportation an hour out to Fontainebleau for castles and outdoor bouldering.

Take public transportation to anywhere. Get off at a stop that speaks to your impulses.

Speaking of pulses, visit le marché aux puces de Saint-Ouen for the biggest thrift market. Get it? "Pulses" "Puces"?

Maybe check out the Catacombs because why not?

Become intoxicated by culture. Explore the Louvre, the Gare d'Orsay, Centre Pompidou, Palais de Tokyo. Go on free days/evenings. Take advantage of student pricing. Go watch a show at La Comédie-Française with a last-call ticket (5 or 10 euros). Dress up in fancy thrift shop attire and attend an opera showing with a student ticket. Go to a Sunday mass at an awesome church. Admire the decadent tombs at a cemetery.

Sit on a park bench and just be. Sit on a corner cafe and read. Sit on top of the steps at Sacré-Coeur and think, holy shit I'm in Paris.



(Thank you Stepan Barrau and Madame Préval for showing me many of these local spots, practicing French with me, as well to so many others for creating some of my fondest memories of Paris.)

I'll possibly write future blog posts of seasonal things to do in Paris or things to do in France outside of Paris or the small things in navigating Paris (i.e. grocery shopping, using a Navigo, paperwork for exchange, answering FAQs like how important is knowing French). But I think Paris is an over-saturated topic. This week's blog post exists because I've had a few friends and family ask for recommendations, and I figure it'll be easier if I have a written list to start off. :)



A toute à l'heure, et à la poursuite de la joie de vivre.



Kathleen Qianmin Hu




we're so young
To write next week :P
It's based on three criteria:



	Learning
	People
	Potential for international opportunities.



Learning

I think learning widely and deeply about the world gives me a sense of purpose to my life. I want to learn more about the world, grow as a person, and build technical and emotional skills.



People:

I want to work alongside people who challenge me to learn more and be more. I see value in mentorship from people who care for the best for me, are honest, and can give me insight on the direction to grow to achieve my goals.



Potential for international opportunities:

This is a personal priority. I see value in collaboration to solve complex problems with diverse backgrounds. I am captivated by the thrill of learning and growing in new environments, meeting new people, solving new problems.





Have a happy new year, to the new day tomorrow 2018.

K

	Seek, ingest advice
	Implement, practice, do.

I used to follow advice from a friend from one of the top universities in the world. He said, "The world rewards those who specialize early."

He's right in many regards. To push the boundaries of knowledge in academia and industry, specialization is crucial.

Today, I want to bring to light an equally valid but different point.

There's much value for the generalist in our time.

From Oxford Dictionaries, a generalist is defined as "a person competent in several different fields or activities."

Like the renaissance man ideal found in 14th century Europe, we live in a time when there are important merits in knowing how to learn diverse subjects and the ability to communicate with diverse groups of people.

Why:
1. In an increasingly globalized world, leading an impact on a large scale will require communicating with diverse groups of humans. An understanding of broad subjects facilitates efficient communication with more people. This helps connections with empathy and ethos.

2. The nature of developing technology means menial tasks are replaced and new opportunities arise. A generalist can take advantage of their broad background to see and act on unique interdisciplinary connections in these new opportunities. Furthermore, a generalist has learned how to learn. This becomes useful to pick up complimentary, new skills necessary to take advantage of new technologies.

We should all find our own balance between specialist and generalist, and perhaps there's a time to be more of a specialist and a time to be more of a generalist. Have fun in figuring out what works for you. :)



K





edit: I found this article that concisely describes a similar concept with the polymath

https://medium.com/the-mission/modern-polymath-81f882ce52db
My sweet spot is where I feel I'm outside of my comfort zone.

For example, in my freshman year of college, this led to the following decisions:

	Choosing my major to be Electrical Engineering; I had no idea what even was engineering before 12th grade.
	Living in the "Six Pack" (the most social dorms) freshman year and rushing Greek life; if you know me in real life, you probably know that I'm introverted.
	The first time I introduced myself to the person sitting next to me in a class as per advice on making new friends.
	Trying out for improv; I was (/am /can be) socially awkward and rigid.
	Travelling to new cities on spontaneous whims and/or hackathons; new places, people, ways of living, things to do and learn.
	Starting a university club BeGlobal, recruiting members, leading meetings, putting on events; this was my first time building and leading a team.
	Saying "YES" to a trip to Ecuador over winter break; this was an unforgettable experience in many regards and deciding to just go and put aside my feelings of uncertainty was the hardest part.
	Joining the Investment Banking Academy's Prime program; at first, I felt so out of my element among suits, confidence, and a completely new subject in the College of Business.

I became addicted to the thrill, adrenaline, and reward when I would "surmount" a new experience and feel that I grew from it.

Many of these first experiences were "failures." For example, I dropped out of the sorority rush process in the final round after deciding I didn't like the Greek culture, I never made it onto an improv team after try-outs (but I did join the Champaign Toastmasters group later that met at the local library), and I couldn't find a unique purpose for my club BeGlobal and thus discontinued it. But you can bet I learned a lot from all of these experiences, failure or not.

Side thought: Paths become "sunk costs" when they cease to provide higher personal meaning, thus when a better-fit alternative arises, it's wise to assess and pivot.

Above all, I remember how I felt when I acted upon the above list of decisions. The other things I pursued freshman year that were within my comfort zone are less memorable: I trained for a half marathon, went for early morning swims at the ARC (our university fitness center), did a lot of rock climbing, participated in clubs like Engineers Without Borders and Engineering Council, did solar cooker/clean stove project research, and hung out with friends. I can't remember how I felt doing those.

Moving forward from freshman year, I've become more and more focused. Now, instead of saying yes to most things, I say no. Maybe life is a sinusoidal function in these regards, and perhaps I'll say yes to more things in the future but also perhaps not.

The more people I meet in different settings, the more I realize how similar humans are to each other and the more empathetic and less limited I feel.

As I'm writing this, it's 1 minute till midnight of Sunday, so I'm going to edit and add a bit more after I publish right now :)



Edit, additional content:

I used to feel uncomfortable and restless when I became comfortable. This happened my sophomore year when I reached a state of stability after focusing on rowing and spending a lot of time with myself (I had a self-imposed “year of no-dating” to focus on myself after a traumatic relationship).

I felt complacent with the same group of friends (the rowing team) and the same daily schedule (a repetition of sleeping, rowing, eating, studying). This period of feeling a stagnation in personal growth contributed to ending my rowing involvement after the culmination of competing at Nationals, moving to New York City and partaking in a few reckless experiences, dropping out of college and immersing myself in building technology products in Paris, backpacking through Morocco for a month to teach English and learn how to surf, deciding to return to the US to finish my college education, and starting two start-ups when I got back.

Now, I circumvent the feeling of stagnation and repurpose my energy by setting concrete goals in focused areas of my life. Thus, when I’m progressing towards my goals, I know that I’m growing.

Whoa, this post was really self-reflective.

K
My parents are Asian. They don't cook using recipes; it feels like they just know how ingredients come together.

Yesterday, I felt like my parents a little bit when I made granola balls without a recipe. I wanted a convenient, healthy substitute for processed (and expensive and sugar-packed) granola bars.

I'd like to share the steps and how you can make them too without a precise recipe!

Ingredients:

	oats
	your choice of seeds and nuts
	peanut butter
	optional: a sweetener like honey or maple sugar or agave nectar

Instructions:

	In a bowl, mix some oats and your choice of seeds and nuts (I used a combination of pumpkin seeds, flaxseed meal, and sunflower seeds).
	Add some peanut butter and optional sweetener in the bowl. Mix it up. Start with less peanut butter and sweetener and you can keep adding more after mixing until the combination is a texture and taste you prefer.
	Shape the combination! You can make it into balls and line them up on parchment paper or put it into ziploc bags in whatever shape you want.
	Freeze for however long you want (longer the harder they become), and eat them whenever!



I love this "recipe" because there is no "too much" or "too little." Each quantity combination will be edible and just have different tastes based on your preference.





Edit: MY SISTER made granola balls the same day I did with very similar ingredients. We didn't coordinate this but here is a picture of her result!




I want to live an eco-friendly, minimalistic, anti-consumerism lifestyle. The big idea is quality over quantity.

Here are components of what I'm working towards:

	Taking quicker, slightly-colder-than-warm showers
	Owning much fewer clothes, keeping a wardrobe of quality, staple garments
	Eating a nutritiously complete diet of predominately whole foods

	Purchasing local foods
	Ideally and occasionally, only eating meat that I can ensure was raised and slaughtered humanely


	Making my own foods that I consume often, are expensive to buy, and easy to make (i.e. granola bars, almond milk, kombucha)
	Using natural products, sometimes creating them myself

	i.e. face masks, face washes, shampoo, soap


	Using reusable products

	grocery bags, mugs, etc.


	Not owning a car, yes owning a bike



Woot.

Kat




What are metrics to deciding based on outcomes? How is uncertainty measured and accounted for?
Everyone's right. Everyone's argument can make sense. The more I try to understand societal issues, the more I realize how incomplete of a picture I have. It feels like everyone arguing a point has an agenda and presents valid, but only partial and carefully selected points.

Thus, I spend my time in discussions playing devil's advocate. In my mind, I see that everyone can be right, but many people only see/talk/hear/ingest content that helps their points. My (self-designated) role in discourse is to challenge their beliefs to learn something from them. My secondary goal in discourse is a personal challenge to find and present valid points that can go against their beliefs because I believe valid, opposing points exist for most arguments.

Here are some gender issues that I have given thought to but do not understand well:

	What is feminism? As a woman, I consider myself a feminist. Can I be a feminist without knowing what a feminist is? (Side thought: Labels are restrictive. In which case, do I want to know what feminism is? Do I have a duty to be a feminist because I have a vagina?)



	What's the upheaval about equal pay, not hiring women because they may take marital leave, etc.? The data shows that women are more likely to leave the workforce to pursue a family. Goals can change for some people; there's nothing "wrong" with that. Data used is often representative of a mean (I'm assuming with a normal probability distribution) and I understand outliers exist, but if outliers are statistically less significant, then the outcomes/policies for outlier cases shouldn't be enforced as cases for the majority. Furthermore, if an organization or cause does not find value in diversity, then why would I want to spend my time there? The world is great and big, and in my mind, I enjoy focusing on myself and finding, taking advantage of, and appreciating opportunities already in existence that "fit" me. If I can lead by example wherever I am, I think I can instill a network of change and create more opportunities for others.



	What's the point of marriage? What happens when one is married? What changes? (I had a recent discussion about this with my housemates and found out that marriage can be financially beneficial in ways like tax filing but can also be a financial detriment if there's divorce.) I'm sure there are successful (in however one wants to define success), happy people who are in long-term relationships and not married. If there's love, why is there a "till-death" bond? Why is there so much significance on a few words, one day, and a piece of paper? Is there enough significance on it these days considering divorce rates in America? I've never been to a wedding nor have I personally been married, so maybe it's a "once you get there, you'll know" thing? Would my parents' relationship be any different if they weren't married? Why does it seem that millennials are putting marriage off later and later?



I'm happy to entertain your thoughts in person. I've observed that people may have fierce words online, but their daily actions are not always consistent with their thoughts.

3

k


I'm studying Industrial Engineering with a secondary field in Economics and Finance at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Before that, I was in Systems Engineering and Design.

Before that, I was in General Engineering.

Before that, I was major-less and in France.

Before that, I was in Electrical Engineering.



It took some exploring, but I have finally found my sweet spot. Here are 5 reasons why I'm in love with Industrial Engineering at UIUC:

	Industrial Engineering is about optimization. I've sought out optimization in various facets of my life since high school, so my major feels like uncovering the science behind something already core in my life and neatly putting reasons why into words and mathematical symbols. Furthermore, because I'm obsessed with optimization in my life (from health to money to time), my major easily aligns with my natural curiosity, thus making my courses more enjoyable.
	My courses are so interesting! They relate directly to what I'd be doing if I worked as an industrial engineer or a role in data which are careers I think would be good fits for me. They also relate to bigger things in life. Whereas some people say they forget and never use what they learned in college, I think that the classes I take can explain bigger truths in life around me. From the things I've already learned in my classes, I view life in different ways and with more understanding of how and why things (both physical, digital, and human/psychological) around me are. The course curriculum is incredibly inter-disciplinary, meaning I've been able to learn so much about the world. Also, the industrial engineering courses I take seem to paint a cohesive picture. I love how they neatly stack on top of and expand on each other.
	I have time to do things besides classes. I'm less stressed and more in balance.
	I really like the people in the department. Many of my peers are studious and people-oriented, diverse and like-minded, and have similar interests to me. My professors are so cool. They do really interesting research, have done amazing things and come from amazing backgrounds, and best, are approachable and many really care about their students understanding the material. Furthermore, the faculty in this department are superstars. They make me feel welcome and more than a number in a system. There are a few who know my name, my interests, and initiate impromptu conversations about life.
	I'm studying at UIUC! I love the midwestern, down-to-earth, nice people vibe. I love the beautiful seasons and spacious green spaces. I love living in Urbana. I love being a bike ride distance away from campus, and I love all the beautiful bike routes in the area. I love being able to interact with people from all over the world, speak in multiple languages, and hear multiple languages being spoken every day. I love the size of the campus and how I can meet new people every day; there are so many opportunities to do so within my daily routines and because of the aforementioned quality of how nice people here generally are. I love how we have so many clubs and events going on, that I can always be learning and trying something new from people. I love being in "the middle of nowhere" because I can spend this precious time in my life to intensely focus on my goals instead of being allured by a million things going around me as it feels like when I live in cities.



I'm happy.



K


Like emotions. Or art.

Life is great.
I'm a quarter of the way done in my year of writing resolution. Here's a reflection on my writing journey.

	I think I'm growing. I remember being frustrated with my initial posts; I would spend a seemingly forever amount of time to produce something that I wasn't proud of. I remember thinking thoughts like, this is garbage or this is definitely not worth publishing, but then I'd publish it anyways due to time restrictions to adhere to my public resolution of publishing something every Sunday. I don't publicize this blog so that I can write without consideration for what people who know me may think. This blog has been an efficient, low-stakes way for improving my writing skills.
	I think I'm improving my communication skills. Writing reinforces the versatility of my vocabulary. I've become more appreciative of the magnificence of words and their ability to express stories. Accordingly, I've become more conscious of learning new words, and I'm hungry to keep learning. Side thought: Thus, it's also important to acquire mastery in different languages to better capture the emotional and/or cultural zeitgeist than possible in just one's mother tongue. There is power in language.
	I think I'm finding and solidifying my identity. I didn't expect this. From writing once a week, I am more certain of my views on the world. I can articulate my views more effectively in in-person conversations because I've already thought them through in writing. Furthermore, my mind feels less cluttered because I can write down thoughts here. This, in turn, liberates my mind to do and think more.



Lastly, I think it's enthralling to see that people, albeit very few, read my words from around the world. Here's a map of where my readers today are from:









Signing off till next week,

Me
Here are some food recommendations I have for anyone visiting Urbana-Champaign, IL USA.

In order of recollection, not preference:



	El Oasis - Mexican ice cream
	Himalayan Chimney - Indian food, Himalayan flavors
	Bread Company - freshly baked bread
	Cheese and Crackers - international cheeses, incredibly fresh fish
	Urbana Farmer's Market
	Champaign Farmer's Market (smaller than Urbana's)
	Pekara - mouthwatering bakery
	Courier Cafe - retro and delicious breakfast spot
	Black Dog - American BBQ
	Siam Terrace - great overall Thai restaurant
	Flying Machine Coffee - crazy amazing donuts
	Cafe Kopi - amazing tea drinks, great study spot
	Original Pancake House (this is a chain, but still great)
	Perkin's - 24/7 breakfast joint (also a chain, also still great)
	Mid-Summer Lounge - authentic Chinese dumplings
	Big Grove Tavern - bar food
	Jip Bap - Korean bowls
	Nando Milano - Italian restaurant
	Masijta Grill - Korean food and BBQ, amazing complementary small dishes
	Cracked - breakfast food for all times of day
	Huaraches Moroleon - Mexican restaurant, amazing chips and fresh salsa
	Bacaro - "New American" cuisine
	Maize - delicious Mexican food at student-affordable prices
	Timpone's - Italian restaurant
	Merry Anne's (I had thought it was Mary Anne's until today) - 24/7 breakfast joint
	Sydney Dairy Barn - ice cream
	Prairie Fruits Farm and Creamery - fresh cheese, dairy, and sometimes breakfast
	Sitara - Indian restaurant
	All the amazing ethnic grocery stores (i.e. Harvest Market, World Harvest, Far East, Am-ko, Fresh International, 7-10, and two Indian grocery stores in Champaign)
	Cocomero - self-serve frozen yogurt and bubble tea
	Golden Harbor - Chinese restaurant, has a few really yummy dishes
	Piato (may be closed?) - fresh and delicious lunch menus, homey dishes
	Evo Cafe - fairly authentic Chinese restaurant
	Lai Lai Wok - fairly authentic Chinese restaurant
	Golden Wok - fairly authentic Chinese restaurant
	A-Ri-Rang - fairly authentic Korean restaurant
	Woori Jib - fairly authentic Korean restaurant
	Bap Plus - fairly authentic Korean restaurant
	J. Gumbo's - soul food I think
	YMCA Thai Restaurant - quick bite between classes
	Bangkok Thai - Thai restaurant, amazing spicy curries, great pho
	Pho Cafe - Thai restaurant, amazing pho
	Cafe Paradiso - coffee and study spot, amazing ambiance
	Spicy Tang - authentic Chinese ingredients, customized bowls
	Manolo's - delicious empanadas from savory to sweet
	Empire Chinese (the food I ordered here was very ok but I think there may be better dishes here I haven't tried)
	Cowboy Monkey (music + dance)
	Buying food from Chinese student chefs via Wechat
	Mandarin Wok - Dim Sum on Green St.
	Sakanaya - yummy ramen and sushi
	Bevier Cafe - healthy and affordable lunch choices, I've mostly had their salads
	Sipyard - gathering spot with drinks
	Red Herring - vegan, hip spot
	Fat Sandwich - worth trying at least once... interesting one-of-a-kind sandwich combinations
	





Places I still want to try: (edits when tried in parentheses!)

	Farren's (try a burger here)
	Milo's
	Jarling's Custard Cup
	Urbana Garden Family Restaurant
	Li'L Porgy's BBQ (edit: tried the pork ribs, the sauce here is phenomenal!)
	Broadway Food Hall (edit: it's ok in my opinion)
	Mr. Kyoto (edit: it's also ok... similar to Chipotle-style but Chipotle gives more food, better vibes, and I think higher quality ingredients)
	Radio Maria
	Quality
	El Oasis - I want to try a paleta
	Check out the Africa Grocery Store in Urbana
	Check out Chinese convenience store in Champaign near Green
	Le Peep
	BoBo China lunch buffet
	Ozu Ramen
	Tang Dynasty
	Astronomy on Tap at Pizza M
	BrewLab Coffee (edit: I think too hip places turn me off, I don't know if I'll ever try their coffee because I only get coffee when I study and the space isn't terribly conducive to my studying)
	Produce from the Sustainable Student Farm
	Produce from Sola Gratia Farm
	Thara Thai
	Sushi Kame
	Bombay Indian Grill
	Watson's Shack and Rail
	



Maybe to try:

	D.P. Dough
	Esquire Lounge
	Crane Alley (I may have eaten here but I don't remember)
	Taipei Cafe
	Rick's Bakery
	Jerusalem (I've been here once and got food poisoning, but I'd like to try it again) (edit: tried their lunch special with fish and it was delicious!! Will be back. Highly recommend the hummus)
	Wingin Out
	Good Fella Korean bistro
	CSA (Community Supported Agriculture) from local farms
	Fresh produce boxes sold through ARC



Although I absolutely love to cook and eat at home, I feel blessed to be living in an affordable college town with phenomenal cuisine from all over the world. Even better are the great memories I treasure in all the spots on my recommended list. I'd love suggestions for other local places you recommend!



Bon Appetit,

Kat




I love the houses in Urbana. The colorful, grand (but not imposing) statures among the surrounding regal trees.

I love the people in these houses. These people from all over the world with different ideologies, customs, and personal quirks. They open my eyes to see more of what's possible, question my beliefs and ways of life tocontinuouslydevelop understanding and empathy.

I love being walking distance to the local African store selling cassava leaves and salted fish. I love knowing my neighbors and hearing the amiable greetings and chatter. The brick-laden roads, stretching bike paths, and well-maintained parks. I love living across the street from the Unitarian Church, a spiritual community that much of my faith aligns with. I love being so close to the vegan bakery, fantastic coffee and thai food, art gallery, farm-to-table restaurant, library, bookstore, food co-op, daycare co-op, bike co-op, places of worship for more faiths than I know, and even much more.

I look around. I'm ready to leave. The houses are old, welcoming, and have grown comfortable. New people will come in every year; I'm ready to step aside for their turn to explore my home.

It's quite a thing to live in Urbana.








I have time. My next stop in the world will be China.

I don't really fit anywhere nicely anywhere in this world, except maybe with other expats and expats' kids.

I will take spring break in a few weeks to fully immerse myself in Chinese. I will make a resolution to only speak it with my family, to go into Chicago for meetups and language exchanges, to watch Chinese movies, read Chinese literature (with an online dictionary on hand), and create and follow a Chinese vocabulary studying plan. I don't know who I am; this is an attempt to learn more about my past to understand my present.

I will take my sister to China at the end of summer 2018. There is so much I want to learn, see, breathe.

I intend to do a Fulbright to China one day. I intend to attend graduate school one day. I will lead a far-impact-reaching organization one day. There are people in the world with positions on paper that I'd like to hobnob with. Once I get there though, will they like me? Would I belong or would I still feel like an outsider with my unique upbringing? Some who tout grand credentials reveal grander demons when I get closer than skin and paper.

One more thing. I almost forgot to smell the flowers. I forgot the flowers make me happy, and I'm not fruitlessly chasing a larger purpose in life. I'm content with what I have. I know I can leave this physical world any moment, and I'd do it with absolutely no regrets. Do what makes one happy; it's a treasure to find and have found what makes one happy.

Be nice to everyone. Befriend a few who you think will change the world we all reside in, befriend those who will inspire you and challenge your beliefs of what's possible.

Content Cath


Life is easier that way.
Letter to future self (in 5 years time)

and

Dear Nicole part 2



Will be written next weekend. Running out of time this Sunday, but I'll make up for it!





Lovingly,

Kath
You don't need this letter. You have all the skills and tools you need.

Life's great.

I can't think of what more to write you.

Have fun, dream big.

I love you to the moon and back,

Kathleen



P.S. Let me know when you enter high school and during high school, what your goals look like and I can offer more tailored advice to you then ;)


― Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises
Purchase a bag of lemons every two weeks from Aldi.

	Drink a tall glass of warm water with a piece of lemon squeezed in.
	Stop eating food after 8PM.
	Eat whatever I want for lunch.
	Eat as much protein/veggies I want for dinner, limit carbs.
	Limit snacking in between meals (thus eat filling meals!).



Habits I have and will continue:

	Eat a high protein breakfast.
	Meal prep each week by making pulses in bulk to eat throughout the week, stored in a food container.
	Drink a lot of water every day.


	How do I efficiently relax when I have unstructured free time? How much relaxation should I schedule? How do I feel like I'm not wasting time (and that I may want to be doing something else) when I do things outside my immediate goals?
	What is the difference in the different grades of gas? And in the different gas stations? Are different gas stations' premium gas the same as others or no? Afterall, there is a price difference which makes me suspect that something is a better value.
	Why are there stretches of time without meaningful and long enough interactions people that make me feel somewhat unfulfilled with my life?
	Why are osteopathic doctors a thing in France but not in America?
	What are the long-term repercussions of wearing contacts for more than the prescribed 2 weeks? Like what happens if I push it to three weeks? (The extra week would add up in the long run in terms of how many contacts I'd need to buy, but I don't know the cost trade-off in terms of health)
	to be continued!

Here are my priorities for the week of April 8th, 2018:

	Each night, come up with a list of 5 things to complete to make the next day successful. After achieving those 5 things, feel satisfied which will allow myself to relax mentally. One of those things every day will be to make someone else's day. One of those things every day will be to achieve something outside of school work and Dibbs.
	 Posture focus everyday, be extreme (it'll feel extreme to me, but that's how change is).
	Avoid sugary foods. Last week, I had a lot of chocolate self-justified because it was Easter. I also haven't been able to burn calories aside from infrequent walking-limping after hurting my foot two weeks ago. Sooo, my way to achieve this this week is to remember self-love before eating unhealthy foods. Remind myself how my body would feel immediately afterward and the rest of the day. AND fill up on water and healthier foods (could be fast like scrambled eggs or preboiled eggs, digging into an avocado, toasting a slice of rye bread and serving it with hummus or peanut butter, or opening a can of tuna and seasoning the ready-to-eat fish with lemon pepper).



Self-reflection on my last week:

Out of my 21 hours I'm taking this semester, 18 of those hours are classes with group projects. I usually try to stay on top of things, meticulously scheduling my time and scheduling group work on assignments as early as possible, optimizing my energy, and carefully prioritizing tasks to get done what's important and let go or delegate what's less so. However, last week, I felt inundated with assignments, projects, and the pressing feeling that things are coming to a sort of arrêt, with Dibbs and friendships and more. When I'm overwhelmed, I respond with trying to do nothing. Today (Sunday, April 8th), will be the day I get back on track, knocking out backlogged tasks that drag unrest in my soul. Once momentum is built, satisfaction arises from the sense of achievement.

Something invaluable my mom bestowed upon me is the mindset to control what I can control. I've been able to overcome adversity effectively with this because I know that I can reframe every situation in a positive light. For example, when I'm faced with difficult predicaments, I thank the universe for offering me these opportunities for me to grow as a person. Then I think of so much more I am thankful for, and I realize that the current situation isn't that bad in the grand scheme of things. I'm thankful for having these difficult situations earlier on than later in life so I can make course corrections now and know how to handle them for future similar situations with higher stakes, and I'm thankful for the things in life I often take for granted that I realize many people in this world do not have the luxury of like education at a world-class institution, amazing, stable, supportive people in my inner circle, access to clean water, air, nutritious food, and the innumerous opportunities I have.

In this world, there is always more and always less. I know that where I am is exactly where I'm meant to be. It's imperative for me to surround myself with people who are better than me in different facets of life so I can adopt the pros (knowledge is power, knowledge of what's possible and the outcomes from habits of diverse people is motivating) to grow faster in pursuit of personal betterment.




At age 21, here's what I've found makes me happy.

	Consuming food that makes me feel good: eating not too much, mostly whole food
	Quality  Quantity: owning less for greater freedom
	Being introspective
	Exercise: not too much, varied
	Sleep: in general having energy throughout the day
	Growing, learning, exploring
	Being nice to people

Dear future me, I hope you maintain these. I hope you don't get caught in the rush of consumerism and forget about your values at age 21.

Enjoy the flowers on whatever road you choose the take.

Remember you fell in love with the process. Remember when people say, if they'd known how hard it'd actually be, they wouldn't have chosen to do it. Take risks, choose to live life and worry less.

Theme: work harder than everyone else now to live like no one else later.

Writing my lighthouse will allow me to make decisions more effectively. A written roadmap will allow me to take less zig zags and tangential paths.

Here's how I think my life may look like (following my guiding life principle that there is a time and place for everything):

20s-30s: Pursue earning to give. Have an audacious dollar worth goal (the why being to support my ideal life goals later in life). Go all into entrepreneurship unapologetically for power, be scrappy, network like crazy, remove the safety net, it's okay to be lonely, it's okay to be obsessed. It's not okay to give up, to not sustain persistence.

30s-40s: Focus on family. My ideal is to be in a position where I've settled into working at a supportive company in a role where I can dictate my hours (quality  quantity) and keep my hobbies and interests when my kids are growing up because I don't want to be an overbearing mother. I think my ideal relates to the French feminine persona that I greatly admire.

40s-50s: Give to the world. Switch gears to work at a high-impact non-profit, think tank, or influence policy. Maybe something international. By this age range, I'll have to have built a reputation and track record of integrity and capability to influence others on a larger scale.

50s-60s: Continue to learn, laugh, appreciate, and grow with amazing people closest to me.


How interconnected we are. To be a connector. To be connected to those people who do really cool stuff, who are connected to really cool people.



something something network effect
Not on how they look, who they know, or what they own.
It's hard to know which path leads to where I'm standing in that same place. What position I have, what experiences I have. Have faith that I'll get there.

My criteria to which path I'll take is based on enjoyment, my strengths, how much I'll learn and grow.
As I see more of the world, I learn more about this business concoction humans invented millennia ago, see that there is money in different places, the need to be creative, such as sometimes finding value added (and thus money) in the marketing or innovation/RD departments instead of say, philanthropic. I'm piecing together how this world works, what the made laws look like, to hopefully see paths less taken.

First, know myself, what I want for myself, and what it takes for my organization to succeed. Then the key is to figure out what people want. What people value. What drives people. What people need to succeed at what they do.

And focus efforts on the right people based on that. Seek win-win situations.



Seek understanding, not to be right.

Seek similarities, not differences between myself and them.

You and I are both human, you and I both laugh the same way.

It's an instinctual feeling to be slightly guarded when sitting across someone new who may not seem like me in dress, in how she spends her free time, the attitude and way she carries herself, and seem to not be in my circle of orbit if not for this happenstance.



Who I want to (will) become:

The person to habitually break the frontier of physical and psychological differences, to connect with whoever, especially people very different on the surface from me.



I'm defining now my reputation in the future. My legacy for the time.
And they will.
To think only of thyself with positive adjectives of thyself

And positive adjectives of what thyself can be, want to become.

Mindset that, thy (is "thy" a thing??) can thrive no matter the environment, and continuously reinvent thyself regardless of circumstance and more importantly, the opinions of others.

I learned this when I was growing up. I remember associating myself as the shy person and was scared to do anything that struck incongruence with this identity for fear of judgement from my peers. It was from moving around and relocating quite often that I learned, I could be whoever I want with each new place. I don't have to adhere to what (the negatives) others think of me and I can constantly adopt and practice the positives that I admired in select peers.

I think there are trade-offs to this quality of mine, that I can let go of my past selves so easily in persuit of excellence for my future self, including letting go or distancing of past, hindering, possibly toxic people. Possible pro: I have a wider, somewhat shallower network. Possible con: In turn, I recognized in myself that I have a somewhat need to be really close with at least one person to feel that the less meaningfulness of the wider, somewhat shallower network doesn't matter that much.

Another thought: I find comfort in uncomfortableness. In living in new places, with new people. Accepting the somber beauty of transience. Trusting in my capabilities to create ephemeral (and occasionally as an unintended but very welcome byproduct: perennial) community wherever I am. Unfamiliarity to me feels like growth and fulfillment when surmounted.
Build systems to asking why for yourself. Find your own truths.
Focus on self. Focus on the things I have. Look inwards to learn what I myself want. Look less at the world and what others have.
And that's worth more than a lump sum.

What a mindset, stemming from incredible privilege, thanks to my parents, knowing that making a very comfortable salary can always be my "back up" plan.
The more positivity we think, the more positivity we see in this world.

Why we show up with less energy with them than others at work



Why we have less patience 



When, they should be the most important! But why don’t our actions there always line up. 


how beautiful you made this world. beautiful souls and lights everywhere. 



i feel you. when i read a book (just finished Pachinko). when i experience kindness beyond my expectations. when i watch a movie (recently finished "chasing wind"?).



when i listen to music (just heard some of Avril Lavigne's new music)



when i see a sunset illuminate the sky



when i have a belly-aching laughter conversation with intimate friends.



when i feel the sun through my window hit my face during my morning 8 minute meditation.



God, you are good. 



And I will continue to try serving you by serving the world in my own genuine approach. 



i've come and gone from you periodically through the years. recently, my heart's fullness... i know You are there and You are good. thank you.







post thoughts:



no matter what hand the world has dealt us - by where and to who we were born to...., we have a right to happiness. each person - regardless of "societal" / "bank" worth - lives a full life. and each life is worth while. 



feeling i've had more and more of recently when seeing a lot of people outside of my main circles... people who deliver food or fix the gas or the sauna or do construction. 



and i love them. i deeply love other humans for being present in this beautiful world.


thought had while listening to this: 




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quadA5aFS6Uab_channel=BBCRadio1



mutual good fit in my last role for employer and employeeMcK - after my interviews, the partner / hiring manager person said that i was the "easiest yes" hire... literally everyone of my interviewers gave me a solid yesLikewise for me to McK: easiest solid yes.Turing - it felt like the interview process was swift, I was prioritized, Eric kept sending me emails / pings after I got an offer.... I think from all the interviewers, it was prob also a solid yes? (Head of People also explicity told me in our interview that the whole team was really excited about me)Likewise for me to them ;)


* I realized a lot of things post trip. There were emerging thoughts during trip, but then days later, they resonate / process more.



I want to dress with more colors and expression. I want to express myself to the world more.For the sake of the sun. Because the sun connects us all. The sun creates the most beautiful art in the world. I want to express myself and be more beautiful with the colors upon my body in dedication to the beauty of the sun. To fulfill some sort of potential in service of the sun?Younger Kathleen is proud of current day Kat.Strengthened my love for nature and "mother earth" / (sun)I love and am comfortable with my own mind. New feeling of self-efficacy.I don't want kids just yet - I want to be young and beautiful for a bit longer and make the most of this time that I know I wouldn't be able to get back :P



3/5/22 - with Luis, Callum, and Ana Maria


holy shit, i get to do this.



@Turing, interviewing CEOs on how they built their companies + then deep talk after w my CEO



(+ living / working remotely! + making the best of it!)



@OAF, holy shit I traveled around Kenya to set up last mile logistics processes!?!!!?!!?!?!?!!!



i'm also so close to my "dream job" - I feel like it's accessible to me now - and it's just a matter and if I want to do it.



Dream job being going to different countries to net new expand and build out companies in those countries. Kind of similar to what Priya from Tanzania does with her health org! Similar to what Zach does with the dark stores and Jumia.


:) 


in my current job at Turing



Gives me energy:



the idea of owning something end to end - creation!ideas: leading women at turing, leading re-defining new off-shoring ways of workingOverall, the 0 to 1 process and autonomyHaving space to create! to breatheto scope out things, to experimentto own



Doesn't:



All these run the business stuff, keeping up with all the business metrics, monthly decks, etc. etc. I'm not owning anything, I'm just a running conduit. I don't like not having autonomy over my week / month / etc. Everything feel so urgent and not scoped out / lots of new things come up that we are here to pick up slack for. 



Recent reflection: this last month or maybe even more, I've been drifting farther into the things that don't give me energy, excitement, or fun. Plateau in learning in this regard. And spending less time doing things that do give me energy.







4/14/22. kat/



appendix thought: though at least i don't have daily check-ins!!! 3 


I don't want:



limited autonomymy work (and thus performance) not directly tied to metrics - if they were, then I have more autonomy and direction - in how I hit those metrics. I'd be judged by outcomes rather than the hours I worklimited operation and see-throughwork that is constantly about what's urgent - instead of being able to be more self directive and able to build my own workplan on a weekly or monthly cadence



Some nice to haves in future career:



reporting to someone who has 5-6+ years of experience above me - in relevant fields. someone who is an inspirational leader but still values mentorshipin a department not led by an ex-MBB consultant who values perfection over moving fast and "good enough"


thing learned about myself: 



Prominent stories I tell myself include: He doesn't prioritize me and our relationship, because he values his own goals, his own friends, his own hobbies / etc. over me. 



His actions speak louder than words. Time and time again, he has shown that he listens to me through thinking things through and acting upon the things that I express dissatisfaction on.



In the long term view, what really is important? Remember that! 



Remember that we have such limited time together. These are the precious moments we want to make the most of. Until I'm off to Kenya again in  a year.







Maybe something along the lines of a love letter written by me? my experiences...


I tend to read books recommended to me upon the 2nd or 3rd recommendation


context: i've asked J to write me a love letter that i can read to anchor myself in truth when unhelpful stories swarm my mind



more context: from our relationship past, there have been times where we've hurt each other. i believe from that, sometimes i get triggered by specific actions / words which spin into stories in my mind that tie back to earlier hurt - though they aren't tied anymore.



J's been busy, so i'm writing the letter from actions :)







Dear K - but actually below is told from my own perspective 



wed april 27, 2022 - snapshot of a day



i call in the evening after having spent the day working from home (i go out of my mind a bit when i work from home!), you just got to your friends' office



you mention you're coming back to me in 30 min! that you want to spend time with me



you know i'm out of my mind from working from home



you take us to watch a movie together - that's nearly 3 hours



though you know you still have to work afterwards



you walk us there, holding my hand, asking if we want popcorn



you pay for the two tickets and we enter the theatre



of the two seats, you take the one that's less in the center, that's right next to another person with his backpack splayed out



there's a scene in the movie i'm crying in laughter. you look at me with those kind kind eyes.



after the movie, there's something about a closeness of an empty shopping mall at midnight in san francisco. there's something wise within the movie about love, about family and relationships. you're like the man in the movie who's patient, silly, and kind. i feel so happy staring into your kind eyes, those creases on the sides of your eyes when you smile, and the way you give me butterflies just thinking about it!



our walk back, you mention how lucky we are to be dating each other because our arms are the perfect lengths for carefree comfortable swinging when we hold hands. because our heights are perfect for cuddling while we walk.



when we're together, i laugh bravely, without hesitation. the world disappears; good-bye societal norms and what people think if they're looking, because i'm with you and i'm enamored.



we're home, you get more work done in the dining room



at 3am you slip into bed without a sound, i wake up next to you in the morning 







you're a dream!



sometimes i think, geez - how'd i get so lucky. to get someone so attractive, intelligent, ambitious + action-oriented, loyal, loving, patient



i feel like in SF, there are a good amount of women who are a bit more basic, but also dressed well, with makeup, and really fit! and i think, i'm really lucky you like me.  + i've got a boy they don't have!



i guess, i feel like a lot of guys like the more basic type! 



side note: i am appreciative of finding more girls like me in the less basic sense. i'm also appreciative of finding more of what feels right to me :). e.g., patagonia jacket, lulu leggings (so versatile! looks good, good quality and lasts, + can move a lot with them - incl biking, climbing, and more), smartwool socks, on shoes... basically optimizing for movement freedom + quality for longer term







this is us!




https://www.instagram.com/p/Cc007KQhn-_/








Plus when i mention my hesitations with SF - not feeling the best working from both WeWork in common spaces (always needing to run and find uncomfortable phone booths for my countless work calls) and at home (low energy incl not really friends w roommates, bed is right there! messy and lonely too). You mention how you'll look to get a 2-person wework office for us.



i really like the idea of that! i really appreciate you looking out for me, taking care of me, thinking of me. your actions speak loudly.


thoughts: next two weeks - likely crunch time at Turing



during this time, i commit myself to:



getting an hour of exercise each day - get that bouldering membership probably - also otherwise, hang out and be outdoorsget stuff done - commit to myselfdon't worry as much about hanging out with people?


maybe i haven't found the warm communities. the warm houses. the tight friend circles and places to just hang after work during the week. there's a certain amount of effort perhaps to put into that. and also, perhaps, i don't need that when i have jordan and a few friends enough.



then perhaps, i can focus more on myself and my things. let go of fomo the way i had let go of it so long ago.


3 stages with our hands.



slower each time.



TL from Monty today - from his communication coach.


because this is something pretty important to me. esp since i spend so much time working on things that benefit from being more productive.



there's a certain lighting and ambiance that i feel more creative and happy.



and also almost more immediately productive. 







maybe.... 



my state: having enough water, having enough food - but not right after a lot of food that makes me feel lethargic



also maybe: 



coworking with people sometimes? like having people in my background also working = that's pretty sweet



it's also important for me to optimize my productivity and work environment so that i can do more in my life, with the same time.



also factors:



feeling warm enough - but not too hoted sheeran plus album music :P, or sometimes lo-fi music?sometimes starting with something a bit easier, getting it done, and then helps launch me into more productiveness with doing other things after too. (same thing in other words: when i start productivity, i need some easy early wins - easier when personal - that help trigger deeper flow work.)ideally - good sturdy chair / work environment


Recently, some of my hangouts are with new people or old people who I haven’t seen in a long time. Those hangouts are often filled with talking and catching up, which I’ve learned do not give me as much energy. 


perhaps also with sandesh -



how pockets of a-team hurts scaling companies' culture....



because that hits home in terms of what the office of the ceo is / has been becoming


TBH my team stresses me out. N - every time i send him something, the way he reacts... similar with A not that inspirational imoI don't enjoy my day to day responsibilities anymore+ I feel like my opportunity cost has gone up - there's a lot of covet here in SF with being a founder, will that change?That goes align with the other item: I don't feel like I'm learning all that much anymore.I feel like I'm just doing a lot of run the business stuff


J and I spent half a day last weekend looking at indoor plants to buy for our bedroom.



after hours of deliberation, now when i look at office plants, I feel like i recognize and know so much about them! and it also feels like there are a few select plants that I just keep seeing again and again!



https://www.facebook.com/dextbarton/posts/10102140205235380




Rachel Hunter-Torricke and I are thrilled to welcome our baby boy to the world. Say hello to William Campbell Hunter-Torricke!



We named him William to give him strength. I expect him to be a conqueror, because he has already conquered our hearts.



I wrote a letter to William the night before he arrived. If you're interested you can read it below. It's a lot about love, because in the end that's what matters most - and so too, from the beginning. Love from all three of us.



***



Dear William,



I write this letter to you a few hours before you will be born. I expect it will be many years before you read this, and perhaps many more before you understand it fully.



This letter was written as a reminder of who your parents are and where you come from. But it was also written to help you discover who you are. Below you will find five lessons to give you strength wherever life may take you, and to help you become the man you were meant to be.



1. You are loved and will always be loved



Love is the greatest treasure it is possible to find in life, and you enter the world with a legacy of love. Your mother Rachel and I both love you unconditionally.



Love is what happens not just when two souls connect, but when they become intermingled. Later you will learn there are many different types of love, but this is the common magic ingredient. This is what distinguishes love from simply affection or enjoyment of another person.



A part of you lives in the hearts of your mother and father, and can never be lost or divided from us. The story of all the days of your life is now our story too. Your hopes, your dreams, your joys, your sufferings, your victories and your setbacks, are all ours as well. No matter where you go in life or what you choose to do, we will love you.



2. You have a family that will help you find your way in this world



Your family is another part of the legacy of love that you inherit. Across the world there are people who have yet to meet you, but already love you and will help you figure out your path through life.



I grew up with an extremely limited understanding of family, probably because I never knew much about our extended family. Family was just my mom, dad and sister, alone against the world. Both my parents were outsiders in our own country – my father had come to the UK in the late 1950s as a refugee from Burma, and my mother was an immigrant from Malaysia who had arrived in the 1970s to work in Britain’s National Health Service.



When kids at school used to talk about going to visit their grandparents, or getting birthday presents from their aunties and uncles, I understood what they were talking about. Grandparents were real in the same way that saber-toothed tigers were real. Sure, they existed, but they were abstract, unknowable concepts, far beyond my reality.



Coming to know that extended family over the last few years has been one of the greatest joys and surprises of my life. Knowing that out there in the world there are others who are always rooting for us, who are part of our common stories, who are also intermingled with our souls, even when separated by geography and generations, is an astonishing thing to discover.



Family can be your secret strength, but their love for you will never be a secret. It will follow you as surely as the love of your parents. I am excited for you to meet your grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins, from Australia to the United States, Scotland to Singapore.



Family is not just the people we are related to. You also get to choose your family, and over your life you will find friends and people who you will forge ties of love with that endure as strongly as ties of blood.



Two of those people in my life are now your godparents. Katelin Jabbari, your godmother, and Jim Prosser, your godfather, both came into my life when we sat alongside each other at a company we worked at more than a decade ago called Google, in California.



Katelin is one of the bravest of all my friends, and Jim is one of the wisest. You start this life with two counsellors who, when the time comes, will not lead you astray on matters of the heart or mind. They are your family too, and bound to you by love.



3. You are a citizen of the world



Your mother and I intend to raise you as a citizen of the world. I will endeavor to explain something of that world, and why we believe living as a global citizen will help you get more out of life – and help you to give back in life.



Our world is deeply divided and depending on your vantage point the trajectory of human society looks very different in the 21st century.



From one vantage point, the story of this century is of a new world rising. This is a world defined by exponential progress, optimism and hope for the future. In your parents’ lifetimes, amazing new inventions and resources have been unleashed by the power of knowledge. Your generation has the potential to realize some of the most ancient dreams of humanity. Within your grasp is a world at peace, democratic, prosperous, ordered and connected by technologies that allow us to reach out and grasp the stars, to peer deep within the building blocks of life and our physical reality, to conjure up entirely new realities in which new forms of human identity, creativity and organization come to thrive.



But from another viewpoint, the story of this century is one of an old world mired in chaos, suffering and stagnation. For billions of people life is hard. The opportunities of the new world remain out of reach for the majority of the world’s people, even with hard work and extraordinary sacrifice each day.



More than 3 billion people live in countries that are not free, and 2 billion people in conflict zones. More than 800 million people go to bed hungry each night, and one in three globally don’t have access to safe drinking water. Almost half the world lives on less than $5.50 a day, and even in prosperous countries like the United States there are millions living in poverty. Beyond the cruelties inflicted by people against one another, humans have inflicted huge cruelty against the natural world. The threat of irreversible climate change hangs over us.



Both these realities are unfolding simultaneously. This is why you should reject simplistic views of things. It is possible for there to be amazing progress in one realm of human affairs at the same time there is decline and reversal in another. It is possible that humanity is on the verge of achieving the stuff of dreams at the same time we face the most terrible nightmares.



As a citizen of the world, we will raise you to understand that the entire world, in all its glory and suffering, is your common home. Being a global citizen does not mean that you love your country any less. Your mother and I love Britain and feel deeply attached to our country. But it means you recognize your home is not only the place you live but the greater global community to which you belong.



You have been born into a good life, the new world filled with amazing opportunities. We want you to experience them to the fullest, and not to confine yourself to the paths your parents have trodden. To be alive at this time in history is an amazing adventure that you should savor. As a global citizen, you will live life on a larger stage, so that all the opportunities and wonderful diversity of our world becomes part of your story.



Being a global citizen is also about having responsibilities to your common home. This is the most important quality of being a citizen of the world - to have a sense of duty to your fellow human beings, everywhere.



Your mother and I hope that you will always have understanding, empathy and solidarity with the billions of people struggling towards a better life. We believe that it is the duty of those with resources and access to the good life to stand up for those who do not. Until the entire world is free to live in peace and dignity, to enjoy all the opportunities and advantages we do in life, our common home of Earth will never reach its full potential. Our love and joy will forever be bounded, because the dreams of humanity have yet to belong to all of humanity.



When I was a little boy, growing up in in southeast England in the 1980s and 1990s, I was an outsider. I was the Asian-looking kid with a pudding bowl haircut belonging to the only family in our town that wasn’t white. People used to demand that I label myself. What are you, Chinese, Asian, Burmese, Malay, mixed race?



Why can't I just be a Brit I thought? And later I realized how silly all the labels are when we try to force them at all. Why can't it be enough that I am who I am? Why do we need to put a simple label on a life that is as complex and global as the times we live in?



Later I realized how much those labels hold us back. The way we treat outsiders is always a crime, because we start with the original sin of labeling them as outsiders - people who aren't part of our common heritage, somehow less deserving of our respect, our protection, our opportunities.



When you come to know people from other countries, backgrounds, perspectives, treasure them and recognize them as lives of equal worth and you will have already achieved the first duty of a citizen of the world.



Do not be overwhelmed by the task of being a global citizen. You may be called to a life filled with deeds of global impact, but you may also be called to many other paths in life that are of no lesser value. You can be a citizen of the world no matter what, because serving the world can always be achieved with a good heart and small acts of kindness for those who might have been outsiders, but for your love of this island Earth - our once and future home that we hope you will cherish and defend forever.



4. Courage is not the absence of fear



Many times in life you may feel afraid or feel small before the world. The challenges of life and the times you live in may seem overwhelming.



This is why it is so important to have principles in life, to discover what matters deeply enough to you that it will carry you through the tough times. Some people call this faith, or values. Do not worry if you do not know what these are or where to begin the search. You will understand over time as you listen to your heart, learn from those who love you, and get to know the world around you. When you find your faith, there is nothing the world can throw against you that you cannot overcome. If you believe in something greater than yourself, it can never be taken from you.



Do not feel ashamed if you feel afraid. To be afraid is to be human. Remember that courage is not the absence of fear, it is the presence of fear and the will to carry on in spite of that fear.



That will is important. Courage is not just a feeling. It is an act, born out of love and faith. And that's why courage is not just something that is summoned at moments of crisis. Every act can become an expression of courage, and through the sum of countless acts, through persistence and dedication to placing one foot in front of another, so do you achieve courage. Courage is built brick by brick, as in the building of a cathedral. And when you look back on the journey you will find a great monument, that gives you renewed strength and inspires others to find their own acts of courage. That is when you be able to draw on the greatest reservoir of courage, and as Antoine de Saint-Exupéry said, “to feel, as we place our stone, that we are contributing to the building of the world."



5. Success is the by-product of a life of meaning



All humans need a purpose in life as much as they need love. Finding your purpose is a journey that you will find is intertwined with the search for the values or faith that matter to you, and is powered by the love that comes into your life.



I do not doubt that you will find a great purpose in life, and your mother and I and all your family will support you in your search and in whatever choices you make along the path that are true to yourself. As you embark on that journey, a few thoughts.



An old friend once told me that you can't have fun every day, but you can find happiness by pursuing a life of meaning. A lot of people confuse fun with happiness. It is important to have fun – don’t let anyone tell you that play is not a good use of your time. But not everything that will make you happy over the long term will be fun, and it’s important to think through what will matter to your life round the next bend in the road.



A life of meaning also isn’t about grades or career or money or other material trappings of success. Those things aren’t unimportant, but they will often come as the by-products of pursuing the life of meaning. If you focus on something you deeply care about and commit to mastering it, you are more likely to achieve other measures of success too.



That is why it is so important to choose carefully what you care about. Our cares become our dreams, and our dreams become our thoughts, and thoughts become actions. Our actions make us the people who we are and change the world. You have plenty of time to decide. Study hard, read as widely as you can, always be working to learn from the people in your life and to surround yourself with people who you feel you can learn from.



***



These are a few ideas that I have been chewing on for the last few days as I prepared for you to come into the world.



I expect you will be a much wiser man than your father, and by the time you are reading this I expect I will be learning as much from you as you are from me.



Now I am going to turn in to wake up early to drive your mother to the hospital. The next chapter of our life is about to begin. We can’t wait to meet you and to love you, and to spend the rest of our lives with you. I’ll keep this letter safe until you’re old enough.



Your father,



Dex


That groan is due to living out of integrity 



The two current things



CoS title (easy solution: remove / change it:))



McK payment thing. That’s annoying too 


1) played my first soccer game on a field yesterday! Was a lot of fun 



2) listened to the podcast about Tencent by Acquired. Loved it. Resonated w emerging markets innovation I’ve been reading 


I think it’s making my eyesight worse


used to be my mantra



now i feel like during the week, i'm hanging out a lot, having fun - which tbh i enjoy so it's a-ok



but also, i recently have been seeing my friends at mck's instagram stories, of them travelling the world on business class tickets - to europe, africa, and beyond. 



which makes me think in part, that's a path i could've gone...



that's a path that could also be extremely lucrative as well.



but by and by, i am happy.


deliberate time filled



new friends naturally around me to fill the time



spend a good amount of time breathing the earth



feeling connected to the earth



water, being close to water



having my own routines and space to have them



working out on the beach or gym downstairs each day... minimal friction



sweat. feeling sweat everyday



eating organic local delicious ingredients of foods



writing everyday- feeling accomplished from that, feeling like i've grown, feeling thoughtful, insightful.



conversations with friends, phone calls! 



feel breathless and clean and calm and live somewhere with sunlight and it feels so great and modern and onwards



i have this freedom! i have a job that lets me do this! i have $ to do this! i have a passport to do this! i really don't want to throw all of this away. it feels like waste.


6/19 night - the first time i thought: perhaps J loves me more. he's worried about me leaving off to chasing my dreams.life can be harder with distance - with business school, new careers, moved countries.



there's an element of J pivoting to computer science in college because of me. i told him: i'd like to live in cities. and his chemical engineering major and rural internship didn't seem to take him to me.there's an element of J thinking deeper on his startup and how to potentially shape it to be more global because of me. long run, i'd love to have a life where i experience a few years engrained in other continents (Europe or Asia would be lucid dreams).



imagine! having an apartment in the arrondissements of Paris. taking long weekend trips on a speedy train or budget flight to another country. skiing in the Alps over the winter. 



i've previously saved this for my future "retirement" life, but i think i've become a bit more restless. the longer out something is, the more unlikely it is to happen (e.g., J and I may have found better things to do in the US, our healths may fade, our obligations to others may change, J may not want to embark on the same adventures, etc.)



there's a value i live by: that i want to be ok with dying at any time in my life. that i've lived my life the way i want to each stage of the journey.



there's a lot to him that i couldn't give up. how attractive he is in those fishing boots. how he picks me up and twirls me. how he looks at me sometimes and all is right in my world. 



the way you love me- you put up with my clothes all around the floor. when i'm upset, you fight to take care of me. what you want - to take care of me and our future family. 



sometimes, you're a kid in certain ways we fight. your collared shirts and adult-belt-and-pants dress a kid that's scared. and in more times, i'm a kid. 



and sometimes there's only so much you can dobefore you reach the edge of societal convention and acceptance.and the motion to fight for what you want becomes harder than the hoped for benefit.







the way we think are different. i couldn't imagine how j was missing me so much when i was in bogota and he was living and hanging out all the time with his teammates and traveling to conferences and all that.



perhaps i don't feel missing him as much when i'm in those other countries because i'm more present and alive. i find friends in the communities i go to. i am so immersed into my own mind and find great comfort there.


it's pretty cool! it's really hot



it's also the longest day of the year



how great 3


if we stay close, yes invite her as a bridesmaid



remember that although there are times that she stresses you out a bit in terms of being extra considerate to take care of her 



at the end of the day, she's someone with good intentions and best wishes for me



just over communicate ! 3 


the types of people - v varied



also the people - everyone seems to have 3 diff invites each day. social calendars make so that you feel a bit less bad sometimes when someone can't attend something. when you're invited to something last minute. when people flake or arrive late. there are just too many events. too many friend groups to attend to. 



in this sf sea, me to not easily get carried away with the "norm" and instead to still ensure the people that matter to me, that they know that they still matter to me. 


perhaps to get a nice bike, and every morning - to bike 1x around the lake



perhaps to get 2 pairs of weights - and to do a ~35 min workout 



work during the day as normal



eat healthy; routine food - vegetarian.



excited for the week where friends may come 3 

Selective optimization via where we spend our time.



Thought: To create a new category called "life hacks" that are tips that have worked for me in optimizing my life.
Here's my post to keep me publically accountable.
-Bradley Whitford
They fill up to how much we allocate of them.
She speaks to the boy standing on the porch, looking at her but avoiding her eyes.

I hate guys you know.

No you don't.

Yes, I do. My ex cheated on me on my 18th birthday. He came to visit and that night he went to sleep with this [girl] he knew from high school. My mom gave him money.

He's still looking at her, avoiding her eyes and a response.

My mom gave him money. My mom is such the nice lady you know. Dad's gone but my mom... She's like loaded. If you ask her for money, she just gives you money. 

I wouldn't ask for money, he says with a slightly defiant tone.

Well, guys suck. They always let me down.

The background music is another country song with another husky male voice singing about another love story.

Do you think I'm attractive? she asks quietly.

What?

Do you th-

Yes. Don't be silly. I wouldn't have you on my porch smoking with me right now if I didn't think so, he assures her.

A man's voice and his guitar fill the air.

We're going to get married, she says finally, interrupting the lyrics.

His left foot takes an unconscious step back.

The front door swings open. A happily inebriated housemate tumbles out.

"Mis-ter John, what the hellll are you up to?"

"We're coming in soon. I'll see you inside man."

The housemate stands there for a minute. Upon sensing that the atmosphere is not as bright as he'd like, he turns around, mumbles see you later, and closes the door.

I mean, like I don't know, I'm just kidding, she resolves. The light is dim, its shadow masking her face from him.

Ok, he calculates his words. I think if I was any other guy, I'd run away right now.

I was jooooo-king, she quickly stands by her retraction.

Ok, but I was saying. I'm not any other guy. Who knows what will happen in 3 years, 5 years, whatever.

She glances at her phone. It's late.

He picks up his phone. Shit. I have work tomorrow.

Should I head out then?

He looks at her eyes, thinks for a moment, and responds, I'm not going to go in tomorrow. Stay?

He reaches to turn off the bluetooth speaker. Male cicadas chirping in the distance can now be heard.

She nods. They step into the house and close the door behind them.





Post write:

What I wanted to convey was an extended characterization of these two people through my opinion of what I overheard. I believe fiction is for the purpose of capturing vastly different lives to trigger new feelings for the reader. I will work on "showing not telling" for future fictional pieces!






Hey dear readers. I'm in Seattle right now.

I'm working at the best company in the best role I've experienced. I'm learning a lot of what I want to build ;)

I want to stay consistent and achieve goals that require time. A high level overview (open to some change) of my Monday to Thursday schedule is:

Sleep at 10:30pm.

Wake up naturally between 5:30-6:30am depending on how my body is feeling.

Write, research, study until 8:30am.

Get ready for work at 8:30am.

Get to work at 9am. Drink organic tea at work.

Work hard at work. (I have specific goals for work and eating habits at work.)

Typically leave work around 5:00-5:30pm.

Skype mi amore for ~ 1 hour.

Workout. I want to bike to the Seattle Bouldering Project at least three times out of these four days. I'm giving myself one "off" day to account for anything I may not anticipate. If I can't make it to SBP, I'll do weights at the gym upstairs.

Play piano or read if I have time before bed.

Rinse and repeat!











Misc goals:

Posture throughout the day, engaging my core.


Powerful mindset shift when the reason for why is strong enough.
Pick battles I can win. Choose paths by a combination of potential results, expected results, current situation, and opportunity costs.
Look to those who've done it for guidance and inspiration.
I like it
We'll either go forward or detract from the present.

So choose to Improve. Because otherwise it's to regress.
Don't stress over things that aren't really important in the big picture.

Always appreciate: my life circumstance is set up for me to have the resources to succeed.
Among things learned as a product manager
Pragmatic in the day to day decisions to get to the idyllic big picture goals.
Build something that fulfills your own terms. For me, it's to be what makes me happy, full, growing, and above all, working with the "right" kinds of people.

It takes years of persistence to achieve power.

If people can do it, why can't you/I/we.

Jump into action by removing the safety net. Humans are creative and ingenuous in times of survival.
Examples on my mind: future property price and culture of Seattle

China's future position in the world
Instead of "saving" money on things you wouldn't have gotten.
It's fine to indulge in it occasionally, so long there is no dependency.

There are two trains of thought towards freedom from this correlation:

	No one is special. Thus, we have no need for consumerism.
	Every one is special. We don't need consumerism to appreciate the ways we're special on a day-to-day basis.

And greater appreciation leads to happier people.
Question end goal, fix on it and how to get there, and follow that path with blind faith on a timeline.
Don't get stuck in your head. Experience the beauty of life.
https://vimeo.com/145221295

I highly recommend watching this. I'll be sure to watch it myself again if I'm recruiting in the fall.







Here's another great clip:

https://vimeo.com/103184810



And here's a great read:

Life advice from Sam Altman 






3 levels of why:

1: to recognize effort and help.

2: to make sure people feel valued.

3: to become a person people want to work with and for.
Needed: time

Results: compounding effects
Excerpt From: Mark Bittman. “Food Matters.” iBooks.
Stability can be a plus. Take advantage of when/where it is.

Also important to learn to succeed in situations without consistency.
-Roald Dahl
In and out. In and out. From the diaphragm.

Our breath is a powerful tool.
The world rewards when we share vulnerabilities, show authenticity, and a desire to improve.
Throw out the excuses to Focus on what you have to make the most of your life in every situation!
Different perspectives are great for problem solving.
Quote from an article on user research and gift shopping.
Henry Ford
Importance of commitment and persistence in life decisions... New ideas will come up seemingly attractive, while often being distractive.



From Design Sprint Day 3 Video
One of my qualities: Ideation

*new product development = possible career responsibility

Ideas for Action:

"Schedule time to read, because the ideas and experiences of others can become your raw material for new ideas. Schedule time to think, because thinking energizes you."

"Feed your Ideation talents by gathering knowledge. Study fields and industries different from your own. Apply ideas from outside, and link disparate ideas to generate new ones."

"Sometimes you lose others' interest because they cannot follow your abstract and conceptual thinking style. Make your ideas more concrete by drawing pictures, using analogies or metaphors, or simply explaining your concepts step by step."

^this is what I need to work on.

Working With Others Who Have Ideation:

"This person enjoys the power of words. Whenever you come across a word combination that perfectly captures a concept, idea, or pattern, share it with her. It will simulate her thinking."

"Try to feed this person new ideas; she thrives on them. She will not only be more excited about her work, but she will also use these new concepts to generate new insights and discoveries of her own."



My other possible strengths:

	Analytical
	Arranger
	Focus
	Input
	Positivity
	Relator

Dalai Lama
I write on funny postcards as thank you notes.
"There’s a cost to holding on, and it’s not always just a financial one. Clutter has an emotional cost, and an opportunity cost of distraction that keeps us from moving forward and spending time on what matters."

"Marie’s* main criteria of keeping something is simply “does it spark joy?” That's it. If you're not really happy with it, let it go! We keep so much out of obligation, regret, aspirations of use or even guilt–but if it's not being kept for a happy reason, she implores you to part with it."



*Marie Kondo, author of The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up



"

	How free your brain becomes when you remove the clutter from your rooms and your life
	The sharing economy has changed the value of ownership
	A minimalist buys one item that fulfills multiple purposes, but is quite expensive and high quality
	The wardrobe differences between minimalists and frugal people
	How your brain operates better when you don’t make as many decisions and avoid ‘decision fatigue’
	A minimalist doesn’t want a lawn/yard whereas a frugal person enjoys doing it themselves

"

Source 1

Source 2
Start having 2 year anniversaries at real life work.
Read before I join my next team:

Joining a New Team


On startups
Don't settle.
Practice developing an authoritative voice in meetings and interviews. Use simple language, be clear, don't rush.

Remember to use pauses for messages to sink in.
From Can you learn to be lucky? by Karla Starr

Excerpts from Blinkist:
Confidence is about focusing more on reward than risk. Now, our brain has both an activation system, which encourages us to do things based on potential reward, and an inhibition system, which uses stress and anxiety to stop us from doing things based on potential risk.


People who are able to push activation over inhibition are luckier because they are more likely to get into the situations – talking to potential partners, demanding a promotion – that create opportunities for luck.


However, for many people, this switch is easier said than done. The world is full of hierarchies, and there is plenty of evidence that people’s behavior conforms to their perceived place in the hierarchy.


...demonstrate expressive interest in other people. Make crystal clear that you are genuinely interested in the other person. Send unmistakably friendly signals, like smiles and leaning in, and make open, welcoming gestures. If you are unmistakably pleasurable to be around, people will open up and warm to you quickly. Remember that humans are social animals. Just as we’re hardwired to enjoy sex and food consumption, we’re instinctively drawn to friendly smiles and welcoming body language.
Creates order out of intellectual chaos.
Life is the ultimate humor.
Seek advice. They'll be somewhat inadvertently rooting for you, because they've already somewhat invested in you.

Seek ways to break the ice quickly first. Get comfortable (to seem like yourself and have them more at ease) but never too comfortable. Don't forget their position, respect where they came from, and don't slip up in comfortableness. It's a balance.

Don't slip up, because it's much harder to recover from that than the preventative measures. Often with opportunities in life, we have just one golden chance.

Perhaps something to explore: how to remedy a slip up with poise and strength.
Is figuring out yourself what your mission and dreams are.

Only after once you have figured it out and declared it to the world, can the world begin to spin it's workings to help you.
Perhaps give to the world around me most by being unselfish, caring, honest, and kind.
It's just an opportunity to start building a relationship.
in my day to day actions



it always works out in the long run



reputation
time and intentional repetition adds great value for somewhat minimal input



increase contact points by having intentional catch-ups and stopping by to have a memorable conversation in person/phone/skype/email/letter/etc.
Maybe?

Thought for forming teams.
-vicki robin
- Carrie Schwab-Pomerantz
To make people happy
And stick to it not only when things are easy, but more importantly, when things are hard.
- Evelyn Lieberman

From Jennifer Palmieri
What matters: your health, your happiness, the people you love.

Time is a gift.

-Maria Menounos
Be mindful during and before these times. Ask the universe for strength in times of stress. Thank the universe for these opportunities to grow as a person of the world.
Think about this.

1) expect little, be grateful for a lot

(Grateful for kind people, air we breathe, access to clean water, on and on!)

2) take things for granted, be disappointed or mad or blame others when things don't work out

I know people in both categories. I know which people I prefer to surround myself with.
In the economy, in the capital markets, in our banks, in the political system, in our technology and mobile phones, in the infrastructure supporting all of the above

Or: what would others do, and how can you help?


https://open.spotify.com/user/spotify/playlist/37i9dQZF1DWWzVPEmatsUB?si=mKWzCiXIRaeQUiTXqEMfxw




What a beautiful morning.


On LinkedIn's career advice feature, I proposed a question to the world network: How do you define success?



I received answers from a variety of professionals. None that really struck a chord with who I am.



Someone recently flipped the question back to me. How do I define success?



Surprising to myself, I wrote the following answer within a few minutes:



For me to feel successful, I would be in a position where I'm always growing, where I'm appreciative of the world around me, where I'm surrounded by interesting, smart, kind people, and where I am in a position to give back to the world in some capacity.



So that's my definition of success at age 22. How do you define success?

Authenticity, kindness, and self love

With Sophie Grégoire Trudeau

More of my favorite podcasts:

https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/wsj-secrets-of-wealthy-women/id1292819540?mt=2i=1000430190793

https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-goop-podcast/id1352546554?mt=2i=1000429690408

https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-goop-podcast/id1352546554?mt=2i=1000433933364

https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/second-life/id1347626043?i=1000431026931

This one on our relationship with nature and ourselves really resonate with me:

https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-goop-podcast/id1352546554#episodeGuid=d6f08fbe-6c65-11e9-b186-23dc6bc5ab68
- Nancy Coehn

Intellectual fulfillment comes from asking the right questions.

I really like this sentence from 12 Habits of Genuine People.



A friend recently asked me for good questions to ask in an interview. My single piece of advice was: be genuine. Authentic questions that arise from your genuine curiosity about the industry, individual, etc. will lead to more meaningful and memorable conversations than any great textbook question.

Be kind. Go out of my way to be kind. Be kind to everyone.

I can be whoever I want.

If I'm not moving forwards, then I'm moving backwards.

I have every reason to be confident.

Love my body unconditionally.

Life tastes better shared. Be generous. And don't stop being generous. (Aka "give first")

Kathleen, does this matter? Is this important?

Simplify. Let things go.

Focus on what I do have, not on what I don't. Be present like this.

This world (and our lives) is a game. Learn the rules.

Add value to others, tell people Let me know how I can help you.

Ask for feedback/create an open culture to those around me.
"To experience true joy, you must reduce your concern for material things and increase your attention toward the well-being of others, through compassion and generosity. "

Revenge cannot bring anyone Joy

-the book of joy

Blinkist version
4. Do what I say I'll do without people needing to follow-up.
Beauty, life, magic in books, music, art.

Don't forget.

Wonder
-dad

Which means:



The way we do anything is the way we do everything.


I'll document food dishes around the world used as medicine or healing, so we as a human collective don't lose this valuable information.

So for me, I resolve to be more purposeful in what I choose the share.

-Megan


 Wallace Stevens


Wealth in money can lead to wealth in time which combined can lead to healthier lives which can lead to happier communities.


Remove friction by setting things up for yourself to start and progress.



i.e. starting an outline prior to writing an essay



i.e. laying out your workout clothes and shoes the night before a morning workout







http://minimalwellness.com/anxiety/
source: http://minimalwellness.com/anxiety/



^I love this blog.

-body book by Cameron Diaz
Character, integrity, discipline. Is doing what you say you do.

Ripple effects.

We can connect better the more we learn/read/listen/live.


An expert, an embodiment, whatever the word. Be careful with your words and your actions because those people may take it as truth to their lives because of the way they regard you. 



This thought came from a few situations, one of which was: I watched a YouTube video on a healthy grocery haul, and somewhere in the video, the guy said how great the donuts were for health, and I believed it for the few seconds (I was waiting for his justification like perhaps it's a great way to efficiently satisfy cravings on occasion or something) before he said "of course I'm joking". Others wrote they believed him too in the comments.



update April 11th, 2019: I found this quote that encapsulates my thought in a concise manner:



"Each person must live their life as a model for others." Rosa Parks

^ from "Getting to Yes"

Excerpt from Transformative Action Week 13 reading
One example is in counterfactual thinking:

"our mind creates counterfacts after crisis, i.e., alternate scenarios that help us to evaluate whatever just occurred.

Let’s say, for example, that you were in a bank as it was being robbed and suffered a gunshot wound to the arm. Are you unlucky because you were the only one who was shot? Or were you lucky to be shot in the arm and not in the head?

Your brain creates the counterfacts without your input, but you have the option of choosing which ones you want to believe. You should therefore choose the ones that make you feel good and produce positive outcomes for the future."

Source: The Happiness Advantage by Shawn Achor from Blinkist

Our stories including reasons why something did or did not happen shape our view on the world.

 "The universe is one of inclusion. What we think about expands. So instead of subtracting fries, add salad. Instead of subtracting a toxic friend, add more time with a positive friend. Adding naturally dulls the rest out!"



Source: https://greatist.com/live/life-advice-die-happy


https://susie-moore.com/charisma/how-to-be-irresistible



Some sort of magic in being a kind person.


-Dr. Wayne Dyer



"we are responsible for the intention that we bring and the effort that we put into the things that we do, but we are not responsible for the results"



Abolishing the Ego and being process instead of result-oriented will enable us to be less anxious and more growth minded which will in turn lead to better results!



"Becoming “better” is not about being better than someone else, it is about being better than you used to be. It is about doing the best that you can in everything that you do. Put forth your best effort and do so with the right intention and you will find success in life."



Source: DAVID’S VERITAS GMAT COURSE COMPANION 


^I'd use that mindset for each section (i.e. math/reading) since you can't go back to a past section of the test



*What I did for the tests that helped me: CREATE A ONE-PAGER! of common mistakes/test taking reminders/other tips to yourself. This is a living doc during your preparation. It can be over 1 page in draft forms, but eventually condense it to 1 page. Read this 1-pager the morning of your exam :)



 for math questions: write down all the info you can infer given the given info… (like the triangle sides/angles example in this passage). And whenever you feel stuck on a question, FOCUS ON WHAT YOU KNOW. Breathe and take a mental reset to tackle the problem with another perspective.







 read the passages the first time for the main idea (in each paragraph or in the first and last half of long paragraphs), read broadly the first time, and then to answer questions that have details, you can refer back to the text and read the details to support the right answer choice! 







Other tips:



for math: be sure to write or circle EXACTLY what the question is asking for, because a common error is solving a problem correctly but not reading the question properly… so you solve correctly but not completelyBe positive and confident! Negativity is a distraction in life and takes the same amount of brain energy as positive thinking.for reading: find ways to convince your mind to be genuinely interested in the content!!! I can give you examples of how to do this if you need.



these are super helpful tips to be more efficient in high school tests!!!! 



Here's the science behind the "sleep-learning" hack if you're interested:











Prioritize SLEEP and exercise (in that order) throughout high school for lifelong success habits :)






Want what you get



not



Get what you want



Source: Dan Gilbert, Harvard Psychologist, referenced in Designing Your Life TedX talkby Bill Burnett



If you make decisions reversible, your chance of being happy goes down 60-70%. So let go and move on. Make the decision irreversible. 


Build your default wardrobe.



What: Have your closet only have clothes that bring you joy and are an extension of your expression in the world. Quality  quantity. It's okay to have ~2 weeks worth of outfits (you can mix and match and use accessories to make more) so long each piece brings your joy and confidence. A "default" wardrobe makes you not expend extra energy deciding what to wear because it's all planned already. Furthermore, it means that the clothes in your default wardrobe are easier to choose to wear than any other clothes (meaning those sweats/etc. that are not a representation of who you want to be in the world!).  



Why: People treat you the way you treat yourself. This definitely includes the way you dress. Have you noticed how you may be a bit more confident, have a bit better posture when you dress better? People take notice! More importantly, you take notice. This habit is a lifelong benefit... And habits take minimal effort when they become defaults.



How: Start by cleaning out your closet!! Donate or move clothes that do not fall into this category. Then, add in a habit to clean up (maintenance is easier than cleaning once in a blue moon) (this habit also strengthens your discipline and less procrastination habits) once a week (usually Sunday mornings for me). This will also further a clean headspace for you. Meaning again, how you act will mentally shape how productive, calm, and organized you are.











Just sharing these tips that I've learned in college that I wish I knew when I was in high school! It's harder said than done, but well worth it to work towards 3 


I challenge myself to get to know them better. In a context different than the irksome one. Share a smile, and feel good myself for taking the higher road.

The more I treasure what I have.
New to the table stakeholders also need to be given a voice and to be heard.

We need to make space and accomodate for new ideas and perspectives. We need to allow for room to learn how each side is used to thinking and communicating. There's necessary effort on both new and old table members.

Thought inspired by words from Carolina Behe at Where You Live panel from Conference on World Affairs, April 12th, 2019.

source



By being aware, we can make better decisions. We can connect with people more.


Keep going until you can stop questioning whether it's all worth it.



Consistency is key.



Wise words from Instagram fitness mom Joanne Peters

with the same person. ♥️

And if you feel great, it'll show.



So look great.







Inspired by words from Justine Leconte


‘Name not proper then words not effective, words not effective then things won’t succeed.’ On the ‘rectification of names’. Confucius, Analects. Classical Chinese.



On the power of names.

I am thankful for my mom who has given me this incredibly high baseline level of happiness.

Hey world,



I've spent the last four months in Boulder, Colorado. Here are my personal recommendations:



Buying a (used) bike: Facebook Marketplace



Fixing a bike: Standard Bike Repair 



Ryan is incredible!! This is the best price and service for commuter bikes in the area from my experience.



Tea: 



Buy looseleaf at Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, or local grocery storesFree unlimited tea samples at Celestial Seasonings Factory TourChai at Chautauqua Dining Hall or Dushanbe Teahouse



Coffeeshops for atmosphere and drinks: 



Trident Cafe has amazing pots of tea and adjacent to a bookstore :)Ozo Coffee and Laughing Goat are quality and well locatedDrogo's has the best prices and a good environment to get work done. It's in (I think?) a religious center.



Biking trails:



Bike to Flagstaff!Boulder Creek Path and all the other paths that it intersects with are amazing for bikingI recommend the MTB Project app for bike trails :) 



Hiking trails:



Chautauqua!! Hike around the Flatirons! Flagstaff also has a bit of hiking and amazing views



Day trips by car:



Estes Park  Rocky Mountain National ParkNederland (reachable by public transportation)Garden of the Gods



Food: 



Overall, I didn't eat out much. I had/made time to cook and try different recipes :)Mountain Sun has pretty good burgers!Snarf's Sandwiches has great sandwichesLolita's Market  Deli has a sandwich counter in the back! These are really good too.I've never been but I heard good things about Yellow Deli's sandwiches.Tibet Kitchen's momos are deliciousThe farmer's market on Saturday mornings and Wednesday evenings are most definitely worth checking out!



Books:



Get a library card at Boulder Public Library if you're staying here longer than a visit! Otherwise, still go to Boulder Public Library to buy quality donated books for a great price :) I also read books on my computer and listened to books on Audible. These can be done everywhere! 



Clothing:



Second hand shopping: I found pieces at Buffalo Exchange that bring me joy :)



Sending love to the universe,



Kat

-Atticus

Seasonal dinner parties... I'd like to host ~2-4/year... Cook seasonal, homemade food with good company like appreciative, kind people with interesting, charming conversation.Biking, hiking, climbing, spending breathing time in natureGrowing microgreens This is a bit farther down the line: Growing vegetables and either being in a place with an old fruit tree (like fig or persimmon!) or having a friend in a place with an old fruit treeFilling my canvas/reusable tote with seasonal vegetables from the farmer's marketEstablished relationships with the butcher and people with chickens (for local deeelicious eggs!)Ideally my own chickens (this is also a bit farther down the line)Time to drink tea, read books, write in my journalHappy relationships with community around me, spending time with people of different generations, those older and younger than me. Keeping in touch with my friends around the world and spending physical time with them.Own useful, quality things with character from my travels so I'm more directly supporting local economies. Take care of said things, which is easier to do since they bring me joy and memories.Own less in general, keep my place clean and essentialist. Reuse and reduce! Minimize consumption, stay present and joyous in what matters, love the process.Clothing from clothing swaps, thrift stores, places of origin that tell a story. Find and wear pieces that bring me joy. It's okay to splurge on new pieces too (although often shopping in malls give me a headache) since quality materials and build will last long and I'll wear them often.Freedom. From not needing a lot. From marketing ;P



Dear reader, What is the lifestyle you romanticize? 

-Rumi

^heard from Arianna Huffington
In lieu of "fake it before you make it"

Heard from a podcast... Will find source later :)

Be aware of precursory dispositions. 

Heard on Margaret Atwood's interview: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/conversations-with-tyler/id983795625?i=1000436264521
Developed from ~second year mark of first long term romantic relationship that also betters my relationships with others!

With the beauty and power of letters and strokes coming together to create unified understanding. 



I'm currently working on a few things, until about January 2020. (~7 months from now)



Learning ChineseCoaching wellness/joy



Documenting and reflecting is valuable. So, here are my plans for the two things I'm working on:



Learning ChineseListening to Chinese story telling podcasts every week when I'm driving/commuting/hiking/walking/cooking/etc.Reading two Chinese story books my dad gave me and learning every character in the books.Later on: continue progressing through this Learn Chinese course.Coaching wellness/joyStarting with devoting 5 hours each week to continue building this project. Build momentum and stay consistent! 







A few more words on language:



I remember being obsessed in high school with learning proverbs and idiomatic expressions in French and Chinese. There's so much human in it. History, knowledge, wisdom, the way a group of humans viewed the world given a specific context around them. And seeing the way languages interacted with each other and in different geographic regions like French phrases in Anglo-expressions, like pidgin languages and slang development.I remember being obsessed with the way Basque words felt of living, mysterious history when they rolled around my mouth. I remember feeling empowered the first time I figured out how to roll my "r"s! It started with the word "perro" in Spanish.I remember feeling giddy like I knew a secret when my next door roommate wrote a word "for what you call your boyfriend" in his language on a post-it. And hearing the clicks of African languages I did not even know how to spell. I remember feeling connected. Each time I spoke to someone who felt more comfortable speaking Chinese or Spanish or French and communicating to them in their home language. When my friend from Tunisia missed home and we spoke in French about classic literature. When I negotiated in Chinese like the way I've seen my parents do in the market of NYC's Chinatown when I was traveling with my high school friends. When I try speaking in Spanish to my Ecuadorian roommate's abuela but we mostly exchange the widest smiles and head nods. When I meet people from China at UIUC, my mom's church group, my travels in Paris, or my family in China, and I can share some Chinese phrases and feel some sort of comfort in a community.



I remember reading past the vocab lists we were tested on in grade school in English. I remember buying and reading this one used book to improve my vocabulary. I remember having a journal I used to write down new words I encountered when I read books. I still use a Magoosh chrome extension that opens a new vocab word with pronunciation, definition, part of speech, and example sentence whenever I open a new chrome tab. I still write down words I find intriguing on my note-taking app. I know that, for quotidian communications sake, it makes more sense to use more common words for greater likelihood of mutual understanding, but there are so many words that describe a specific circumstance which broaden the color I view the world. These become tools to frame my thinking.



Here are a few words that I love for myself:



winsome: "generally pleasing and engaging often because of a childlike charm and innocence."lithe: "(especially of a person's body) thin, supple, and graceful."svelte: "(of a person) slender and elegant."poised and elegantamicable: "(of relations between people) having a spirit of friendliness; without serious disagreement or rancor."Epicurean in the traditional philosophical sense: "The philosophy indeed elevated pleasure and happiness as the most worthy pursuit, but specifically warned against fine food and frequent sex, for it could lead to dissatisfaction later. Instead, the goal was a long-term pleasure, marked by serenity and temperance, achieved through moderation rather than indulging. Modern senses of gourmet, luxury, hedonism, sensual pleasure and lust are mostly in contrast with the original ancient teachings."



Other words I really dig:



cosmopolitan: "containing or having experience of people and things from many different parts of the world."probity: "the quality of having strong moral principles; honesty and decency."self-efficacy: "an individual's belief in their innate ability to achieve goals."zeitgeist: "the defining spirit or mood of a particular period of history as shown by the ideas and beliefs of the time."vanguard: "a group of people leading the way in new developments or ideas."



Random thought: how is language historically documented? how have/can words become popular? do words or language development have a lens (i.e. social, gender) to be analyzed through? 


Hi all! I'm starting a series of posts to document the steps I've taken to get to where I am today. I may include some semi-fictional pieces relating back to emotions I've experienced in the past, which I wish I wrote and saved online in the moment! The reason I didn't was because I had a paralysis with perfection: I didn't build the perfect blog with obviously the optimized web hosting service, most blog-y font, etc etc. which I thought was the necessary foundation to write.



Back to documentation. The first of this series is on skincare.



Here's what I've learned works for me from high school to now:



First and foremost: DON'T TOUCH MY FACE! Secondly: eat well :) Eat a lot of vegetables and protein and grains that are less processed. Generally stay away from processed foods, snacks, etc. Or combine them with other foods to create moderation. For example, limit flavored yogurt but if I bought a large tub of Greek plain yogurt, I may buy a small flavored yogurt to mix in to my plain yogurt. Another example I did in the past was limit frozen meals but if I bought one, I could use the concentrated flavors of that to mix with my own cooked larger batch of quinoa/veggies/etc. for some diversification in flavors. I currently limit my intake of: lactose (meaning most dairy products except like longer aged cheese), processed snacks (like I grew up having FiberOne/Nutrigrain/Belvita bars), eating out (there often is more sugar/salt/oil/preservatives/etc. than I'd like and in general, ingredients may not be of as high quality as when I cook myself). Now I usually eat some fruit/nuts/eggs/snack from bulk bins instead. Also I learned about reading nutrition facts and ingredient lists, calorie approximating, and nutrient combining! I've bolded those topics to write more on my learning experiences of those later.Third: drink a lot of water. Carry a water bottle with me almost everywhere. Also drink a lot of tea :)Fourth: get adequate amount of sleep so my body overall can heal and build itself.Fifth: wash my hair with a more natural (for me this means paraben and sulfate free) shampoo and try to keep my hair away from my face by putting it up more often. 



Here's what I'm working on/experimenting with:



Moisturize! I'm currently using fresh aloe vera a few times a week on my face and neck. I first wash my face with cool-warm water and my hands before moisturizing or I apply moisturizer after showering. I continue to put generous amounts of lip balm on my lips and carry hand lotion with me for my hands.Apply sunscreen regularly. As of now, it's most days a week. I'm working on first maintaining the frequency and then increasing it to everyday.



Here's what I'm looking to add into my life in the future:



Replacing my cotton pillowcase with a silk one. Potential benefits of silk pillowcase.



Overall, I believe in rapid iteration (kind of a start-up popularized term) meaning trying one new thing out for myself consistently for enough time to see positive or negative results. If it works, I'll add it to my life, if not, I won't. Rinse and repeat with another new thing. 



I also believe in the 80-20 rule. Meaning, to identify the things that make the most impact and prioritizing them. Because as I continue in my self-development of any topic after finding the most impactful factors, the progress becomes diminishing (although still important to build excellence).


words for myself 3 

Is my favourite road of all time.

Bottom line: 



For smaller projects like mine, the best way to go is:



Use your network for your first clients, partners, etc.Your initial adopters, champions, etc. are those who've helped you identify the market need and are investing in your success partially because of you as a human.Do great workThen, grow by referrals. This may be most effective.Maintain a reputation of doing great work, because people who are not ready now may be clients anytime down the line.Keep the website Credibility. People may return to the website as part of their decision-making process to use your services. This reminds me of what my dad said a long time ago.. He had mentioned how he wasn't getting many leads through his newspaper advertising; so I asked why do it at all? His response was: credibility and awareness by maintaining relevant presence. 



Here were results from my online advertising experiments over 6 days:







Google:











Facebook:















Then there were analytics built in with Squarespace of clicks on pages/buttons on my website which allowed me to analyze the lead generation funnel. My predominant CTA (call to action) was a button to schedule a 20 minute free consultation. From tracked data, I tweaked (this may be somewhat similar to A/B testing :P) user flows of interactions with the website. 



Main Call to Action



Overall, this was a low-cost, low-stakes way of learning by experimentation!  

There's a poignant scene of a woman dancing in the movie Burning that replays in my mind.

Also Kat, be kinder to J. Thoughts become words, repeated become habits. Breathe deeply and think before speaking.

J, I love you and pledge to continually become a better person for myself and for you. There may be ups and downs on our path plotted on a 2-dimensional graph, but the overall slope will be positive I promise.

On relationships: become a full version of myself first. Everyone benefits. ❤️
And then you notice the bass. The song becomes more rich and full.

7/16/19



TL in life from work

And I need to manage my stress better.

I'll work on it.
^ quote from my amazing waitress

Americans

Vs

European way: enjoy the meal.
Wise words from headspace
Clothes

Don't forget the story.. some personal element to it, in every message I want to convey for a memorable point. Including applications. Stories can be passed on easier than not stories.


is saying yes and not doing it well.



Wise advice from an impromptu "fire-side" chat with Harry R.


Here are a few more:



Ask when you're in the room with people... as soon as you don't totally understand something... You don't know when you'll get their input and in the right headspace again. Plus it saves time in the long run. If you don't ask or challenge, it implies that you agree. And if someone else asks and you use what you've heard, then you can't say "_X_ said so, so yeah"The ordering of lists should always mean something.


distinctive



have your reputation and your story go beyond you.



people talk without you there



obviously people advocate good work.

Meaning, I'll make mountains out of molehills.

So 1) take care of myself first to limit tiredness

2) realize this when I'm reacting to something

A few months into my job:

I feel my sense of wonder has decreased on some elements of the world. For example, I don't feel wonder at food prepared for me. I'm fairly efficient at ordering food or grocery shopping; I'll order the first thing that fits my energy levels (usually low sugar, low oil, low sauces, has protein, has veggies, ideally cooked) because every meal has just become sustenance and an input to maintaining my body. Also I no longer finish everything I get.

However, I do still treasure farmers market shopping and cooking.

I need to schedule reoccurring weekly time for EOW emails and expenses.

How to jump into a new study... a new workflow... a completely new industry or topic to learn, and hit the ground running. And communicate effectively while solving abstract problems.


high level thinking



and putting away "low level/details/implementation" during the high level thinking



being able to differentiate and separate in conversations.


Just because someone (esp higher up or with more experience or is a so-called-expert) says something to your workstream



It doesn't mean it's true and applicable. Which also means, be careful just "regurgitating" their information to others unless you've vetted it yourself and stand by and understand it as well.

Ie with sugary foods.

finding gaps



it reminds me of this one part of the gmat... which was similar to lsat/what lawyers do



thinking and arguing, what an incredible, incredible day-to-day


I can make mistakes... I don't even know what tenements mean. I'm using it as a word for "pillars"I get more slack... I don't need to aim for perfection when I'm presenting to senior and more experienced people. I don't need to have those expectations because, from my still-limited experiences presenting, they take the time to listen to me because I'm younger and growing!I can be silly - I can question tenements (word here used as long standing infrastructures) by pushing doing things a certain way out of honest ignorance. I can add in a positive, bright energy to team rooms because, I'm young.



We can dance, we can cry, we can sacrifice lifestyle or "smart" decisions on sleep, dessert, etc. So long, we keep what's important in sight - people relationships. We can be selfish so long we communicate with words and action that we are coachable, appreciative of feedback, trusted.


Make sure I drink enough water everyday... 



Check-in with my body to see if I'm thirsty.



Otherwise, I feel tired, groggy, and I mistake my discomfort and low energy for hunger or lack of sleep. 



So, don't forget to drink water. I am so so so thankful for clean water and living somewhere where the tap water tastes delicious! 3 


with someone who is just as much in love with you







3


Pause before speaking



I can even ask for time



to STRUCTURE



and then give an answer (answer first!)







cheers,



k a t


Makes us happier of our current situation



Let's us step out of our default "me" thinking


Find intrinsic motivation


For people I love:



finding the right balance between giving them an excuse for an outcome (i.e. saying it's my fault for something and thus implicitly not as much on them) 



For myself:



when people make an excuse for me, like it's ok the topic was hard, this was your first time/you're new, then it's easy to cling onto those excuses as justification of why I didn't perform as well as I would've liked to



Thus, tough love for myself is dismissing excuses others give for me. So I can get better.


To read:



The Rosie ProjectBeing There Homegoing Little Fires Everywhere (backlogged for 2020)Le Vieux Qui Ne Voulait Pas Fêter Son Anniversaire (this will also be in my backlog for 2020)



Have read: (@me to populate this later)


Check in with thoughts of: what would a neutral third party who’d want the best for all think in this situation. And how can I get to that perspective?


I actually don’t feel very sure of myself at all. 



And I really appreciate when someone else says, “that’s a good point”



Therefore, I should reciprocate in saying that more myself :) 


https://www.instagram.com/p/B3E3zwmF7-j/?igshid=1l0f3fh0elaxz



Also everything pumpkin spiced has some sort of direct relation with happiness :)


From Eisenhower 



Said from Jim Collins 



Also: take care of people, instead of mindset of taking care of career 


"Satisficers are those who make a decision or take action once their criteria are met. That doesn’t mean they’ll settle for mediocrity; their criteria can be very high; but as soon as they find the car, the hotel, or the pasta sauce that has the qualities they want, they’re satisfied.



Maximizers want to make the optimal decision. So even if they see a bicycle or a photographer that would seem to meet their requirements, they can’t make a decision until after they’ve examined every option, so they know they’re making the best possible choice."



Source:  https://gretchenrubin.com/2006/06/are_you_a_satis/ 



My thoughts: I used lean extremely towards being a maximizer, but more and more, I'm trying to make decisions in a "satisficer" framework which I realize lead to increased happiness! 


How do I get better at this?


Important qualities
to PM-ing:



Intellectual
     curiosityGraciousness
     Separation
      of self-worth and product successEmotional
     intelligenceEmpathyAsking
      open questions and listeningCommunication
       being comfortable with uncertaintyAnalytical
      strategy componentMarket
      research: understanding markets and trends, understanding strengths of
      company for market positioningUser
      researchAnalytics:
      what data means, A/B testingPolyglotAbility
      to communicate with various stakeholders (i.e. tech, marketing, sales)



What makes an exceptional
PM:



This is dependent on the PM stage. 



Earlier
     on, it is important to master the hard skills and lead by exampleFor
     PM leadership, the ability to inspire- to sell a vision and influence
     others- is important



Red flags to look at
when joining a company:



Overbearing
     cofounders (lack of autonomy to do PM work)Lack
     of company clarity or focus (i.e. doing everything to chase revenue)Toxic
     environments (i.e. blame culture)



It’s the PM’s job to push back on these, but if they’re
immutable, the solution may have to be to change companies.



There are differences between working with new founders vs seasoned
company leaders. For new founders, it may be helpful to establish personal credibility
(i.e. I’ve done this X times at Y.) and do more story-telling to appeal to
their emotional / idealistic visions.



Other insights:



It’s
     okay to take time to think: 1) say thank you, 2) say I’ll get back to you,
     3) always follow-up!Product
     dev is a team sportIt’s
     important to be self-aware (strengths/weaknesses) and ask for helpIt’s
     important to have alignment with C-level team 



Differences between being a founder and a PM:



Founder needs to do non-product things, i.e. hiring (their friends in the start... which has potential problems in that...), payroll, fundraising, logistics, etc.Founder has less work-life balanceFounder should be more idealistic and constantly selling their vision


A wise mentor from Watson JM told me this. 



A weakness I'd like to work on is closing out items. I'm good at starting things... Not so good at carrying them across the finish line.



So. For the month of November, I will write four polished blog posts - or about one each week. I noticed I've been just jotting down thoughts in notes on paper, on my phone, or on Wordpress. 



Time to work on carrying things through. I believe the details are what separate the good from the great.






Helps with maintenance. Helps with surpassing inertia to cleaning room.



Cheers,KAT


#1 is Performance.


"Ben and Jerry’s co-founders talked about their 30+ year working relationship and had some good advice. Jerry Greenfield said:



“Our basic agreement was that the person who felt more strongly about the particular issue got their way,”"



Source:  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/05/05/6-reasons-why-consultants-are-revision-crazy/ 



Applied to my arguments, I will ask my counterpart how much they care about the issue and assess my own care level.


source (and a great skim):  http://www.consultantsmind.com/2013/10/10/two-kinds-of-people/ 


I feel that I’ve finally grown into me. I was ready to be 23 when I was 22 (a stark departure from previous years where I'll still feel like I'm the previous year's age for months after my birthday).



I am continually entranced by this world around me.



A pause to reflect on where I am, how far I’ve come. 



On partner love:



I’ve told my close friends about J. How when we started
seeing each other, I had this underlying thought of I can’t believe I’m dating him. We’re nearing three years of
courtship and four years of knowing of each other’s existence. He is beyond the
person I envisioned I’d be with, since I was a young’un dreaming of her prince.




And yet, he’s not perfect. He’s a human being, as am I. At
age 23, my perspective has matured to seeing him as a separate entity. He’s my
chosen case study who will continuously change (I’ll somewhat influence these
changes), and I will continuously stay curious to learn about this person.



Being so close with another person, I’ve learned the
importance of developing a stronger understanding of myself. I used to take his
words and actions (applied to himself) as truth to how I should be as well,
because I incredibly respect him. Now, I devote time to thinking about how I want to be, which lets me see if his
perspective would work with mine. 



At the same time, I would blindly follow him if he reached
out his hand. Our mutual trust (including our often exercised constructive
dissent) establishes a baseline for this sort of comfort I’ve seen mature
couples have. We understand each other, our needs for space, flow, sleep. We
communicate, we listen, we remember, and we act accordingly. I feel less
emotional angst when we’re apart. 



At age 23, I’m okay if we’re apart. 



On self-love:



This has been on maintenance mode since I can remember. Thank
you especially to my mom for being the best role model in this arena and my
family for creating an ever-supporting environment. 



On preferences:



I can purchase a pair of shoes in less than 10 minutes (from
entering a store to trying the shoes on to paying at the register). I can put
down a shirt that I love the look of (on the clothes rack) with no remorse,
because I know the cut will not be flattering on my body. My high school years
were the test kitchen where I learned through impulse purchases what looks and
feels good on me, and more importantly, what does not.



I know the kinds of food I like to eat when I eat out. 



I no longer spend hours at grocery stores (and Costco!), but
I still do enjoy taking my sweet time perusing farmer’s markets and the corner
stores in Daly City that are primarily stocked with produce! 



My prioritization of “value” in making decisions is a
prevalent common thread. I’ve learned that there is a direct relation between free
time I have and my incessant desire for optimization. The less free time I
have, the more I can push down my tendency towards optimization, creating a
happier overall self. This relates to a few concepts I’ve learned about this
year: 1) abundance v scarcity mentality (abundance mentality enables less optimization
of resources), 2) satisficer v maximizer (satisficers optimize less and accordingly,
have less regret).



On the path forward:



I’d like to be relentless focused. My initial take on this
year and next year was to be relentlessly unfocused so that I can keep on learning
as much as I can about the world. However, after a few weeks of this (while I’ve
been unstaffed), I realize that this doesn’t make me happy. 



At this age, I can commit YEARS of my life to become really
good at what I do- both professionally and hobby-ally. I’d like my hobbies to
include physical growth, intellectual growth, and creative growth. I haven’t
found a hobby I’d like to be extraordinary at yet. 



Hobbies I’m dabbling in right now (order not significant):
1) surfing, 2) piano, 3) ballet



Hobbies I’ve dabbled in prior to 23: 1) fitness classes incl
barre, 2) cooking, 3) rock climbing / bouldering



On biggest lessons
this past year:



Give first. One example is to share more about
myself to build rapport with others. Another example is to do favors for others…
As I learned in the first episodes of Suits, having others want to reciprocate help
is a long-term powerful privilege. The way I do something is the way I do
everything. I’ve started to see the validity of “work hard, play hard” because perhaps play builds
connection to others (which also helps “work”). Play can add value by helping
myself become more interesting, thus others may want to have more association with
me. People are just people. Connect to people
outside of their professional role and more to their humanness. 



On moving forward:



Exercise, diet, sleep are my cornerstone habits
for lifeCreativity is an element I am cautious to not
neglect Optimize for flow work (set schedules?)


Somewhat comparable to someone giving you their lottery numbers and their process in picking them. 


life is too short for anything else.


So if they are talking about it, they’re making money off of you. Thus, be skeptic to buying what they’re selling. 


Just checked, the word I meant is: vicarious 



but voracious works too.



So many hours wasted on social media, YouTube..., drugs,video games, Instagram (incl stories). Where people are spending their lives escaping their current lives.



We need to create, experience, and live presently more.


We're eight years apart. Yet it feels like we're a generation separated. 



You're growing up with peers living a double life - on social media and in person.



There are two times the social rules and norms to learn and adhere to. 



I want you to know that: At the end of the day, only one of those lives really matters. 



Both are important, but be cautious of getting caught in the social media world. It can warp your sense of identity and worth. It can create anxiety, desires for what you currently don't have (without providing the space to really question yourself if it's something you actually want), and a general less satisfaction with where you are right now.



If you ever notice yourself slipping, there is a difficult but possible solution: a social media detox (see my second post on this blog). You'll see that life still goes on. You're not missing out on anything. And you'll be stronger than before.



Love you lots,



Kathleen


For example, when my doctor once told me to take antibiotics twice a day after food until I finished them, I listened to what I thought was most important: the details up to "until I finished them." So after I felt better after a few days, I stopped taking them... Later I learned that stopping early can lead to antibiotic resistance. 



Another example is this YouTube video advising 18 year-olds to open a credit card. The advice is sound (this can build one's credit for the long-term!), and the instructions have more than one step. I fear that teenagers will listen to what they think is important and follow that (going to a bank, filling out a form, opening a credit card asap) with less focus on the step of paying back the credit card EVERY TIME. Also it's important to first build the discipline to not overspend given credit. 



A solution to comprehensive transfer of instructions for the instruction-giver's side is: 1) develop empathy for the instruction-listener. Think what might he/she need to know? Ask them or others for questions or perhaps to repeat back what you said in their own words. 2) Emphasize the "why" something is important to do! Mention the risks for maximum transparency.


I’m often in awe of new things to the world someone has thought of and built. 



Some part seeing what there has been, some part creativity spurring, other part ITERATION. 


For example the apartment with 5 bedroom for $3000 in San Francisco.



There was another example I had in mind when writing this, that I can't remember right now...



Anyways, hold and pass on, dealing directly with humans instead of the world wide interwebs.


is this a heuristic? or a psychological model for thinking? PRINCIPLE! 



How for ex, the question asked is: visualize the congruence and frictions between our values and the firm's. 



So the answer for most people shows equal examples of congruence and friction to fulfill the question criterion.



However, it doesn't address the magnitude of each... For ex, there *should* be mostly congruence, naturally, since we work here. Yet the "published" answer doesn't show that! 


https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-knowledge-project-with-shane-parrish/id990149481?i=1000459190559


Push back (i.e. to EM/others in position of leadership) smartly. They (EM and others) may respect you more. Do this sometimes instead of saying yes and taking orders every time.There's a difference between being right and being liked.


Write it down



And check up on it next time in conversation 



It’ll mean you remembered and thought of them. 


However, and more effective, you can lead them to change their own mind. 



Example tactics: 



* asking questions and providing enough context or justifying pieces of information to have the person connect the dots themselves, instead of force feeding the justifications (in which they may be more prone to poke holes in yours, thus being more defensive as well)



(Or more eloquently said: "people love to come to conclusions themselves or 'finding something out' by themselves. they’re more likely to change their mind if you present evidence and let them make their own conclusion, rather than telling them 'you’re wrong, here’s why'")



* leading by example; having someone directly see benefits of certain actions/mindsets 



* instigate further, external support of your claims after planting a seed... Ex: quote/publication supporting your side from a source respected by the person you want mind changed. Ex: natural conversation the person you want mind changed has with someone in the future 


By repeating what I think they mean , and asking if my understanding is correct, in a concise manner. 



Also, chronologically, seek to understand them first. 



Also @me to practice: presenting my views (no matter how sure I hold them) as tentative, using phrases like "unless I'm wrong", "according to studies/___ I've read/___", "the way I see things". I should improve on my own open mindedness to lead in example, to be vulnerable first, to "give first".



And when minds are changed, don't gloat and instead say, "it seems we're on the same page that _____"



And thought on the long game goal: building rapport, to create trust, mutual understanding, likeability... All needed to persuade, influence, lead. 



These thoughts' inspiration:



https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IGACRHlzwx8


There may be many places reminiscent of Urbana the Urbane. 



It may be cool to name my child Urbana.



Just like, how it may be cool to name a kid Chevy. Short for Chevrolet.



Let's go:



I'm chasing Urbana. I'm chasing the group potlucks and damn, the wind in my hair with my backpack thumping on my back, as I bike through those marvelous trees, bright red and bright green, in those scarlet days.



I'm chasing Urbana. I'm chasing my unknown dreams. I feel the down-to-earthness and the genuine niceness of these people who freaking care about... people, earth, the things that help me escape from go-go-go of a pressing, suppressed ambition; because I can't let that ambition enthrall me, he already has his hands around my neck, the grip pulls me towards people who talk about things I don't understand how they create value to the people that need value most.



I'm chasing Urbana. She's close, she's getting closer. I feel the air, the brisk bitingness of winter coming.



Fall



Winter



Him, with his gruffled grey beard. Him on his bike, the wrinkles pressed near his eyes when he smiles. He said "There's nothing like these caring people, this community."



When I asked, "why did you return here after all those other places?"



Spring



Summer



I'm chasing Urbana. I dance around the rainbow-light-kissed floor of our victorian era house. I dance around the soft, tough grass surrounding a fierce bonfire glow. I dance in the house parties with the rock climbing wall and mattresses on the floor and the attic we are invited to paint with our hands. I dance and run and want to scream to exhale my lungs enough so I can breathe in more on my next breath.



I'm chasing Urbana, and I know I can't go back. It all holds as a still frame in this ongoing roll of my life. And still, I'll continue to reach out for her trees, her air, her houses, her people, her bike lanes, and her nonchalant vigor of youth - rushing to make the most of this brief life we are given.



 Urbana is where I found myself, as wholly as I could. Urbana is where I started to love a boy who became the man in my life. Urbana is where I laughed all the time, traveled the world by interesting conversations with co-op-mates, and where I retreated to cry and cry again for the beauty of this spectrum of feeling. 



Urbana, I quite like you.


Using my breath to be mindfulPalms up to be grateful for the world, palms down to be groundedStretches and flows that make my body feel amazing (these moves are like a new language)My mom is so strong (more of a reminder than new learning)I like yoga


heightsletting people down


And work backwards 


like oj , yerba mate , etc .



*cool temperature, light sparkle, less sugar



perfect


+ just so kind!!!!!!!


In fact, this is the perfect and the right time. 



People remember the things closest to the present. Meaning, just because you were a certain way far long ago, doesn't mean you have to stay the same. Don't think you can't change. There really aren't social limits to you changing. What others think will be just in your head. Or not important.



Besides, improvement makes a better story. More memorable too. People tend to remember and praise the "mal" people who turned good later on more than the people who were good (i.e. putting in high effort) all the time. Just look at the philanthropists like Bill Gates. 



Also, young one, make friends. Don't rush. Let others win. It'll help you in the long run.



There's enough win-win in this world.



Sleep less, run more. Get out and feel the sun's warmth or lack of sun's coolness on your skin. You will have the weekend to sleep (or at worst the weekend after that); use that knowledge as an anchor to do more now.



Work hard; own stuff. Be proud and be proactive. 



Salute the sun and remember why you chose this path. The people make a dramatic difference. Smile openly, love warmly. 











This is a key to working well with diverse people with very different working styles. Study them, wish them well, love them for their humanity, side on them to convince them (read: make them feel they’re invested or accountable somewhat of your goals) of your needs.







Oh and also: through this cycle... genuine relationships will be built. Integrity will be more easily kept meaning honesty and consistency of what you say and your respective actions.



Start with this. Get people on your side. Instead of "being so good they can't ignore you." That, will come later.


Even small things like saying good morning and thank you, cheerily 



😁


I do.



Kids in a sense, acting as how some script told us adults should play.


Don’t let it go


There is magic in your words; choose them carefully. 



There are gazes from future generations upon your movements; are you proud of them?



Your future is sculpted by your thoughts; your thoughts shaped with Aeolus' power from where you choose to spend your time - what you read, who you speak with, what you hear.



Don't give yourself all away. Focus on what matters to you. And consequently command respect from this self-efficacy. 


(In the first step, it's often helpful to speak to a mentor as a sounding board and a guide to structure what you want.)



Then speak loudly to the world. Tell the world what you want. 



And you will get it. Plus people will regard you as a confident go-getter


Consolidating a list of my go-to's... for daily effective and efficient energy bursts while at home, at a hotel, wherever.



If I am working out 1x/~2 days, I'll do a leg + arm workout + stretch. Otherwise if I'm working out 1x/day, I'll do a leg OR arm workout + core + stretch.



Dumbbell workouts:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdUwM1DeSCc
Dumbbell exercise set for leg day: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdUwM1DeSCc




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c53WSZK1v1w
Dumbbell upper body workout exercises: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c53WSZK1v1w




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_RWnrTuyW8
Another dumbbell leg workout (to try): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_RWnrTuyW8




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IevRbLXOSzY
Dumbbell upper body follow along exercises: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IevRbLXOSzY




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0CwCvJbGZI
Dumbbell 10 min arms workout: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0CwCvJbGZI



No equipment:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p8EBPVZ2Iw
10 min abs workout: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p8EBPVZ2Iw




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqfkrZA_ie0
No equipment leg day workout: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqfkrZA_ie0




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHOPWvO3ZcI
Upper body no equipment workout: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHOPWvO3ZcI


Source: John Maxwell from the knowledge project podcast


Work in a new placeIn the past, I'd work at a new spot at a library or move to a coffee shop. Now, when I'm in a productivity block, I'll relocate to another room of the house. I'm currently writing outside on the balcony. Have a "flow" playlistIn the past, I downloaded a playlist (~1.5hrs) of music for different tasks. These ranged from workouts, test studying, homework, to personal projects. I downloaded these to play from my iTunes account so there wouldn't be interruptions from ads. The repetition of the same playlists helped me immediately get into the flow of what I was to do. My body and mind built the pattern recognition. They were also a great tracking of time... I could finish a few reps of a playlist and understand I worked for that many times the duration of the playlist. Or I could tell myself to work until the current playlist finished before taking a break.Build off momentumWhen I am productive because I need to be (i.e. I finished a group meeting or I finished something with a pending deadline), then I'm already in a state that I can push forward in. I remember that feeling in my body and mind to continue in my personal projects.



Interesting that these "productivity" spurs I've learned and used in high school / college are things that I'm continuing during this remote working time.



Per a friend's verbiage, we have become closer in touch with our pre-college selves.


And it's still not being written. I think perhaps I'm afraid to put words that can't justify the vibrant video of real life. I think perhaps I'm still somewhat afraid to put my full heart down, because perhaps, it's a healthier relationship to live in a reality we're constantly working on instead of a rosy colored standstill picture. 



And being afraid, isn't always a bad thing. I think it's like stress... there's a gradient with a X and a Y-axis and an interval within that that represents optimal benefit.



Anyways, the story is about a boy. 







My body fits into his like a mold had been created for us to grow intoThe top of mine is snug in the bottom of hisAfter all, how many bodies can cuddle and walk at the same time?Shoulder



I remember when the passerby says, "You kids must really be in love... I can tell by the way he's looking at you"As we're waiting for our take-out of beef tendon noodle soup to eat under the moonlit Champaign pond, and the soup is just tendon piecesWhen his mom says, "Stop acting so weird", at lunch and you're just staring at me! And the thousands of times no one has said anything, but you've unknowingly said everythingI never want to lose theseEyes



It's hot when you align the things you say with the things you doand damn I like to kiss thisMouth



They say the most sexy parts are those that we can't see, that are hidden to the public eyeThat tantalizing allurement, SEXINESS when it grows and growsI can't tell what's bigger, this or your heartIt's usually your heart ;)Brain



You strum the strings to a serenade in front of our friends around the sideyard bonfireI pass by, our eyes lock, and my heart explodes.You hoist me up onto the roof where we look out to a clear skyThere's something in the young, carefree air, besides the fish we have on the grill.You carry me on your back when my knee's in pain, before the early morning you're sitting on the floor of a Walgreens fitting a brace you insist I wearIt's a reoccurring feeling - I'm the luckiest girl alive.Intertwined, from that very first time we "met" to the time we walk in sync like toy soldiers to the time I'm falling apart to the infinite times evermoreI feel homeHandsYou're cute and delightfulAlso strong and drive me madYou guessed it, penis.


When I write down things* “to-do”, I’m more likely to procrastinate on it and not want to do it.



If possible, just doing something I need to do (and not writing it down) helps me get things done and build momentum to do more.







*these things are typically personal to-do’s without external necessary deadlines


Words I keep hearing in conversations 






Lengthen that gap between stimulus and response 



Update: practicing meditation helps my body be more familiar and comfortable with this


Powerful and useful phrase in presentations 


with no audience I have to write for, no thoughts I have to defend



and ofc, no word count :P 



Thought while I've been browsing Twitter (first time!) this last week.


Choose when to pound the table.



But pound it dammit when it's right. Show that you're willing to fight smartly for what's important to a greater cause.


“a reason for being,” an idea the Japanese believe every person has



“Imagine a world in which you wake up in the morning and you’re excited. There’s nothing special about the day in particular. You’re not about to go on vacation. It’s not your birthday. It’s just another day ... yet you’re excited. You can’t wait to get out of bed.”


Easier to cause confusion, but also to create clarity.


Break ups are healthy. 



Each time J and I have broken up, we’d come back stronger together. 



Early in our relationship (strangely), we agreed rationally that break-ups would lead to win-win scenarios. We wouldn’t immediately date other people, but if/when we did: if we realize the other people are better for me or him, then that’s a win (because we want to optimize happiness for each other), or if we realize we’re the best for each other, then that’s a win too (and we become more appreciative of each other). Perhaps we both had the self-efficacy to know that if we weren’t dating each other, long-term, we’d be happy with someone else. Time is just the factor there. 



I remember once I mentioned to friends that J and I had broken up before. One who was in a long term (since secondary school!) relationship looked at me astounded. 



Perhaps the taboo against breakups stems from an emotional place.... and some couples are incredibly great without ever breaking up. A time-withstanding relationship requires a healthy blend of emotion and logic. 



When we’re apart, it’s empowering to know I’m okay. And we’re healthier together when we’re not completely reliant on each other. (BTW when we’re apart, I also feel terrible.)



Then again, what even are break-ups?



https://www.instyle.com/celebrity/gigi-hadid-zayn-malik-on-off-relationship-success



^This article articulates resonating thoughts:



1) Coming back together requires addressing underlying issues and individual growth / change



2) Toxic on-and-offs are to be avoided!!! 



3) You can love someone without actively dating them



https://www.instagram.com/p/B5lG4k6FLxO/?igshid=engqwl9xi14n



https://www.instagram.com/p/B5lI6nshKrg/?igshid=ittrf8y4gt9h



P.S. at time of writing, J and I are not on a break. 



P.S.S. I really like J


You / I also need to act



Which makes all the difference 



Practice acting in the small things to create a habit, to be within our comfort zone. So when we’re at the right time and at the right place, we don’t lose the shot. 


For social commitment and further obligation to achieving a personal goal



From my experience, if I myself don’t REALLY want to do something, then bringing a friend is crutching the responsibility onto them. 



And they usually don’t want it enough either. So the goal falls through in the mid-long term. 






Comparative advantageThis factors in opportunity cost to deciding what I think myself and others should do to be net most efficient / productive. Marginal benefit This helps me with prioritization. Are there things that I can capture more benefit from that I should be spending my time on? (80-20 rule*) OptimizationI think high school economics gave me the initial frameworks to think of optimization (i.e. allocative efficiency where there is minimal space in the triangle between supply, demand, price, and quantity). Since then, I pursued a degree in college studying Industrial Engineering with a secondary field in Economics  Finance, because I was obsessed with optimization - a concept that just "makes sense" in my mind. My college courses provided numerous new tools and frameworks to think about optimization - which is closely tied to decision-making and shapes the way I make every day decisions. *Acknowledging that some things require 100 not 80 to be world-class which is a value proposition on its own


Whatever we dream of and want to do, we can make happen


To increase our sight of opportunity 



——



Randomness comes from:



Growing network



Growing exposure in what we choose to read



Open-mindedness and curiosity 


Storytelling is a distortion of time



BTW here’s a leadership trait I admire: sharing stories



Why: this leads to funner environments and better connection



How I’ll get better at it: work towards preparing and sharing 1 short story every day- whether to family or more likely to a work forum 


As a teammate, first do good work, this will build trust in your work from your leaders, which will in turn build autonomy, which will in turn build empowerment, satisfaction, motivation, and safety to do good / better work.



As a leader in a team, do the same as a teammate. Lead by example. Be decisive and respectful. 


At me



I think we all like validation 


This helps people value and look forward to the chat as much as you. And it helps them start to structure thoughts so you’ll get better conversation during the chat. 


Just remove those words



Speak with confidence



Or add other phrases after, “Let me know your thoughts / anything I missed”



Or add someone else the listener deems credible, I.e. “the X board says”, “Y research states”, etc!


Accordingly, it feels bad in the inverse. What are solutions to help someone in the inverse?


*still learning on this and navigating this


during this NY study


i.e. synthesizing what has been said


i.e. emails


Authenticity? Absolutely required to enable the Enthusiasm points


My energy levels crash



and I just don't feel good



I feel gross







I do feel good though when:



I've had 7.5 hrs of sleep



I meditate 2x / day for 5 min each



I go on 1 ~8 mile bike ride during the work day -this increases my happiness and productivity (and even confidence in meetings) more than anything! On productivity, this bike ride gets me kick start to do more / better in other things.



I eat fruit and veggies instead of sugary snacks and simple sugars



I get a ~30 min workout in :)



I write something 



I have a meaningful ~10 min+  call in with someone


Why:



It trains our mind to think more into what parts of what someone is saying that I agree with ("Yes" part). I will also listen more instead of what is being said instead of anchoring / waiting to respond with what's top of my mind.It helps people agree more easily with what I would say after the "and" part, since I start with agreeing with them.


There are 2 phases requiring 2 mindsets:



1. Creation - writing a post



2. Refinement - polishing a post



Make space for both phases at different times to build something excellent. Because trying to do both at the same time leads to inefficiency in mindset shifting and a potential sacrifice in quality. 


Reactions and actions in times of stress define one’s character and subsequently, reputation. 


Power of leverage



and networks!


Damn damn damn.







I'm appreciative of all I've learned as I move forwards. Of the people around me. Of making the most of this current time. 



Because there's a balance between pausing to smell the roses along the way and pushing forward to get somewhere faster to smell the flowers others who've paused too much may not get to smell.



Actually, I'm happy with my balance. Perhaps I ought just to be more appreciative of the present - in the perspective of that I may not get something like this again - when I'm living in the present.



Breathe breathe breathe.


Otherwise we’ll live our lives based off of others’ intentions... leading to a sort of unconsciousness for ourselves and less satisfaction in our lives. 


^one of the biggest things I learned from my NY study


Because only through failure will you learn and grow


During then (when we’re not meditating and focusing directly on our minds), Pay attention to body and speech instead of mind itself. 



This is a practice of being more aware of our actions will help us become more self aware of our minds. 



The body reflects the mind. Just as the mind reflects the body. 



Example of actions to pay attention to: slamming a door, being curt / short in speech, throwing a ping pong paddle. 



Source of insight: Headspace


Knowing the room early on and who's in there, and having specific connections / "friends" already in the group improves my personal confidence and comfortability when the group fills in at time.


Because people aren't always sure of what they're saying



And when we push back at the right time (when we have a good point / consideration, beyond just saying yes to whatever they're saying - which btw they may be used to from their peers or "subordinates") in a way to show that we're solving for the best answer, then it builds trust between speaker and push backer.



When we push back in the right way, it can show we're confident, trust-worthy people with expertise.


Experiences in food from personal examples:



1) adding a splash of oat milk to black coffee



- previous thinking: oat milk is high in calories compared to almond milk or no milk... (90 cal / cup vs 45 cal / cup vs 0 cal)



-  new thinking: the experience is SO good and absolutely delightful, a minor caloric splurge (that dwarves in comparison to other caloric splurges) worth it. Also 80-20 rule... meaning I should focus on the larger caloric splurges than the smaller ones, and to evaluate per input (calories) and output  (perceived personal experience improvement) ratios 



2) keeping some fat on meat when cooking 



- previous thinking: “fat = bad” because it’ll clog my arteries, be full of calories, and more



- post learning: a bit of fat makes me feel fuller longer and more satisfied with my meal (versus before I may have ate more of other foods to try and hit that satisfaction feeling... leading to more net calories and often not being as satisfied), also cooking with a bit of fat makes the whole meat more tender / juicier which also improves the meal experience  



3) adding a dash of salt and olive oil to veggies, eggs, etc! 



- previous thinking: “salt = bad” because it can cause bloating, increase blood pressure and lead to other health problems, and I didn’t like when foods actually tasted salty



- post learning: a bit of salt usually doesn’t mean a salty taste in foods, instead it amplifies the natural flavor of the food itself! Also compared to the salt content of the salty foods I negatively associated salt with (these were predominantly dishes when I ate out), the amount of salt I add to my foods are a shockingly small fraction to how much salt there is in those processed and (many) restaurant foods. 



4) adding SPICES to food!



- previous thinking: i) lack of knowledge that a little bit of spices can make a big taste difference - usually for the better and to add diversity, ii) lack of experience of using spices... so limited understanding which to use, which to buy, etc. iii) lack of understanding of health implications to spices (previous thinking was that flavors were added with sauces and things that weren’t “healthy”, thus adding spices may be “unhealthy” in a way since their purpose is to add flavor too) 



- post learning: spices are incredible!!!!!! Standard salt and pepper is incredible too. Food from farmers markets are the best - first is to get good food, then relatively fresh spices / herbs / etc that round out a dish into a satisfying, flavorful meal :) 


Multiple times! With J as eye witness for once, and 2 others as eye witness for the other times. 



6 months ago, I started with the (not incredibly strong, but semi-persistent) intention to do a handstand. I’m still not where I want to be... in holding a handstand and exiting it safely, but I’ve made awesome progress with freestanding headstands! 6 months ago, I could not do either.



Handstand = inversion balanced on hands



Headstand = inversion balanced on head (center of gravity closer to the ground and more stable) 



Yay!


Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFxQbPYe_ZA 



Thoughts and aspirations


So perhaps, it’s important to learn about bouncing back from those negative experiences? Since we all have them!


I just know there's nothing better to do but make the most of being inside and working / reading / etc.


But once you do, you find others who do it to. 



Ex, LFO to Europe when you’re on a coast to coast study 



Ex, backpacking while living in seattle



Ex, co-living with friends in a house somewhere gorgeous during covid 



And once you find others who are doing it (things you want to do, things you think are fun but kind of out there, things that are hard to make the plunge), then you wonder why you haven’t been doing it all along. 








Likewise for you and yours. 



Let’s be deliberate in how to define it. 


“I want to make sure you’re ok. Because when you’re stressed, then I’m not having much fun either.”



What really matters?



Remember, take 3 deep breaths, take a nap (if possible!!), give a hug, and count some things I’m thankful for. 


Musings of an over-protective child as her parents are becoming empty-nesters 


San Francisco (mostly Nob Hill) Nov 2020


And it's still not being written. I think perhaps I'm afraid to put words that can't justify the vibrant video of real life. I think perhaps I'm still somewhat afraid to put my full heart down, because perhaps, it's a healthier relationship to live in a reality we're constantly working on instead of a rosy colored standstill picture. 



And being afraid, isn't always a bad thing. I think it's like stress... there's a gradient with a X and a Y-axis and an interval within that that represents optimal benefit.



Anyways, the story is about a boy. 







My body fits into his like a mold had been created for us to grow intoThe top of mine is snug in the bottom of hisAfter all, how many bodies can cuddle and walk at the same time?Shoulder



I remember when the passerby says, "You kids must really be in love... I can tell by the way he's looking at you"As we're waiting for our take-out of beef tendon noodle soup to eat under the moonlit Champaign pond, and the soup is just tendon piecesWhen his mom says, "Stop acting so weird", at lunch and you're just staring at me! And the thousands of times no one has said anything, but you've unknowingly said everythingI never want to lose theseEyes



It's hot when you align the things you say with the things you doand damn I like to kiss thisMouth



They say the most sexy parts are those that we can't see, that are hidden to the public eyeThat tantalizing allurement, SEXINESS when it grows and growsI can't tell what's bigger, this or your heartIt's usually your heart ;)Brain



You strum the strings to a serenade in front of our friends around the sideyard bonfireI pass by, our eyes lock, and my heart explodes.You hoist me up onto the roof where we look out to a clear skyThere's something in the young, carefree air, besides the fish we have on the grill.You carry me on your back when my knee's in pain, before the early morning you're sitting on the floor of a Walgreens fitting a brace you insist I wearIt's a reoccurring feeling - I'm the luckiest girl alive.Intertwined, from that very first time we "met" to the time we walk in sync like toy soldiers to the time I'm falling apart to the infinite times evermoreI feel homeHandsYou're cute and delightfulAlso strong and drive me madYou guessed it, ;).


Just love when people are grateful


source: Pedigree book


Is to stop taking personal calls during the day at a time that's not good for me.



Examples from 2020: catch up with a past EM, answering a phone call from mom, when a middle school friend reaches out to chat. In the moment, I try to schedule the meetings in my day (close to the time someone reaches out to me) so I don't need to do it later (mental overhead and I may forget), but the current time may not work best for me... I may be tired, stressed because I have pressing work, overall just not in the right headspace. And this ends up being a lose-lose... For me, I'm not alert and can come off the way I feel. For the other person, they may not feel good talking to me.


A Little History of Economics by Niall KishtainyMisbehaving by Richard Thaler The Psychology of Money by Morgan Housel Attached by Amir Levine and Rachel Heller  - mostly done... I think the main points of this could've been summarized quicker, and the specific example stories weren't extremely helpful for improving my current relationshipThe Book of Human Emotions by Tiffany Smith



Potential reads:



The Behavioral Investor by Daniel CrosbyTrading for a Living by Alexander ElderMindsight by Daniel SiegalWhy We're Polarized by Ezra Klein


Thing in life, phrased learned from Dominion card game


“Doing things other people aren’t willing to do... what happens is, you convince your mind: because I’m doing things other people aren’t willing to do, I deserve to get stuff other people don’t deserve to get.”



Ex: hard work ethic 



Source: podcast with Ed Mylett on Capital University 


So stop feeling bad about anything too long! 3 



what a wise woman Barbara Corcoran


Prioritize learning :)


Mindset on building products



Source: SVPG product workshop, quote from Microsoft perhaps


Pace: To speak with authority, use crisp, succinct, and declarative sentences.



And don’t be afraid of silences. Taking a moment to think before you speak is more powerful than rambling. Also watch out for filler words or phrases, such as um, like, or you know. These smack of inexperience.



Also maybe lower tone. 



Also:



Energy is the third tool in the AWE toolkit. It’s the quality that sets AWE into motion. Authority earns you respect. Warmth wins you trust. Energy motivates people to follow you.



Energy combines conviction in your message with enthusiasm. If you believe deeply in what you’re saying, your audience will be swayed to agree with you. But this only happens if you’re present, fully engaged in the moment, and authentic.



a warm person without energy won’t win people’s confidence. For instance, a kind and caring employee with flat energy will be passed over when promotions are handed out. She won’t be seen as management material. Managers must motivate and persuade their teams, so energy is a crucial quality for them. Being liked by everyone isn’t enough. You must be able to inspire others to follow you.



Kind of need to understand this myself more:



Someone with true authority has the confidence to step back and let other people form their opinions. Don’t undermine your sense of presence by laboring to convince others that your agenda is worthwhile. This will make you seem needy and weak. Instead, state your case clearly. Then, give your audience space to decide for themselves. This way, you’ll exude authority, whether you’re in a job interview, or pitching a campaign to a client.



New page: authoritative leaders inspire their team to work together toward a shared goal. This style of leadership fosters creativity, commitment, and ingenuity – assets to any team. It also increases staff retention, because employees feel supported and valued.



Source: Blinkist on “Don’t take yes for an answer”


And its a choice we get to make each and every day.



Treat people fairly for them to be successful.



More wisdom:



"In the virtual world, small investments in demonstrating that you’re authentically interested in the relationship and the person, not just the task, are even more important."



"When expectations are not explicit we should not be surprised when they are not met the way we expect them to be."



"Assertiveness is the balance between being confident and courageous to say what needs to be said while showing the empathy and respect for the other person."



Lead with empathy.



Side thought for me to practice: incorporate more curiosity than criticism in approaching my romantic relationship.


Dear girl, you only have this one brief, beautiful life. No matter what you do, no matter how big you choose to dream, the same amount of time will pass.



Expect a lot, deliver a lot. 



Choose love.



All the inspirational leaders at McK say the same thing: YOLO. This work place is special in many ways. 



I'm appreciative of McK's:



Dedication to learning, dedication to our individualized personal growth journeys.... aligns with their incentives... more spikes is more ways we can deliver client impact.Thoughtful, creative, hard-working, values-driven, intelligent, kind people.I feel there is near infinite access to opportunity. I have the autonomy (or a different word about being able to make choices?) to work on near anything I want to.Maybe this will be fun for 2 more years. There's much to learn!I think this will be fun, until the work I do becomes work I do not enjoy or want to work on.



Rambling post, but publishing my thoughts in this snapshot of this time! 2/11/21 


Part of how habits are built 


Evolution of Love (poem)Words I'll Remove From My VocabularyPhrases I'll Add To My VocabularyVirtual Working Tips - part 1: Actually Fun Virtual Team EventsMy SuperpowerStructured Financial Investments Plan Structured Relationship PlanHabits I'm Building, Habits I'm Grateful to Have Built, February 2021Observations from a pre-Covid Kat on a Covid-time KatPost-contracting-Covid check-inLove in the Time of Covid My Leadership Narrative (AKA This World is Our Oyster)Remote Group Living PlaybookMaximizing 2 Years, so that Business School is my Opportunity CostPersonal Guidelines on Starting My Own ProjectPersonal Curated Learning for 2021


Wisdom nugget 1: "The Old Testament calls a spouse an allup, a Hebrew word meaning best friend."



Wisdom nugget 2: "A friend, according to the Book of Proverbs, is constant – she “loves at all times.” More importantly, though, friends improve each other. A friend criticizes you when you go wrong, but, like a surgeon, her cuts heal rather than wound."



Wisdom nugget 3: "Holding one another accountable and provoking love and goodness, we read in Hebrews, is at the heart of what it means to be a Christian."



Wisdom nugget 4: "For Christians, mutual self-improvement provides a common vision which can unify a couple. A marriage based only on attraction, by contrast, doesn’t provide such stability. Physical attractiveness, after all, changes over time, but this ideal is eternal."


Context:



Yesterday was Valentine's Day, a day great for reflecting on the romantic relationships in our lives. I've been dating the same person for 4+ years now. My significant other (SO) and I are both 24, meaning we get all the wonderful uncertainties in life that come as a given with being in our 20s and blindly figuring out what we want. This article provides a perspective on navigating a long-term relationship among the uncertainty.



Philosophy:



I subscribe to a view of a relationship between 2 people existing as a separate, living entity. There is person A, person B, and the relationship between person A and B. The relationship needs to be maintained and cared for, and a "poor relationship" is not necessarily indicative of the "good" or "bad"-ness of person A or person B.



The relationship between Person A and B is its own entityImage source: Building Stronger Relationships and The Third Entity



My optimization-craving brain loves to create systems to run certain parts of my life on a "default auto-pilot mode" in order to maximize my focused energy on important things that are more difficult to create systems for. 



Below is a potential structured plan (some tactical systems, some abstract guiding principles) to promote a healthy, long-term relationship! Most can be done virtually or in person. Feel free to try some, all, or none of these in your own meaningful relationships.



Establish that both person A and person B want to prioritize the relationship and mutually agree to put in the effort to work on it. The rest of the list do not apply if both parties are not mutually invested in the relationship.Learn each other's values. Although this can be initially discussed with words, it is more important to observe your own and your SO's actions. Learn and communicate if there are any deal-breaker values to each person. Understand each other's upper and lower thresholds for fundamental issues where there may be a mismatch in individual need or if a sweet spot can be identified. An example from our relationship was a mismatch in attention and communication needs. For me, I generally need more attention and communication from my SO - too little and I feel I'm not thought about enough, I feel less loved. Jordan on the other hand, operates contently with less attention / communication - if I ask for too much, he'd feel stifled. To find a happy operating model here, we focused on listing specifically what our limiting bounds meant (e.g., my lower bound asks my SO to have some sort of communication everyday, plan an activity for us every month, celebrate thoughtfully special occasions like birthdays, special holidays). See Appendix A for graphical illustration of finding relationship sweet spots with individual upper and lower bounds.Conflict prevention: Be in tune with yourself and your SO. Recognize when you or your partner start feeling agitated (ex: Has the tone of your voice changed? Are you less patient and more combative? Are you taking shorter breaths?). Most times in Jordan and I's relationship, one or both of us are hungry, tired, or stressed by external factors. If that's the case, we try to communicate our state with to each other - it's easier to be understanding of human conditions - instead of the common default to believing the conflict is directly instigated by person A or person B. A phrase that works well here: "I'm feeling upset. Can we please talk more about this later when I'm more level-headed and have had some time to think about it?" Diffusing arguments before they get intensely heated is efficient, because from my experiences, it is much more difficult (and an overall worse experience) to resolve arguments after an intensity tipping point than altogether preventing them. See Appendix B for an illustration on this concept. Conflict resolution: Apologize first. Admit where you are wrong (this is hard!). Hug it out if possible. Soon after, diagnose collaboratively on the sources of conflict and potential steps to try preventing future similar situations.Communicating criticism: Make sure the intent comes from a good place and the actual execution is conveyed with genuine curiosity instead of accusation (e.g., "I observed X. I was wondering why you do that?", "My assumption in X situation was Q. Do you think that's the case?", "I felt Y when Z happened. I'd love to dig deeper with you on this."). In addition, decide on a communication style for feedback. Does each person prefer in the moment feedback or having a set intentional space for feedback? If your SO is not in an open-to-feedback mental state,  then there is no point in sharing your words then.Draft a relationship cruft document together every few years. The goal is the write down everything that you think you and your SO can improve on. Make a Google Doc to collaborate on ideas for each person. This thoughtful list will be a written documentation to track all the issues that may be helpful to work on. It may not be possible to work on everything at one time, so the list is also a great discussion tool to help facilitate a joint prioritization discussion on which issues each person should work on first. See Appendix C for an example format.Develop a habit to generously give real-time praise to your SO behavior improvements. Behavior and habit changes are not binary (all or nothing). Acknowledge when any action in the right step is taken to support the general upward trend of progress. Give room for "failure" - it's human. Actual failure is when someone decides to no longer try. To geek out a little bit even more, if this concept was displayed on a graph, each action from your SO (or yourself) is a data point, with the X-axis being time, Y-axis being action result. There will be days where the data point's result is lower than previous days. But overall if we were to do a regression over enough time, the slope should be positive. See Appendix D for an example graph with a positive line of best fit.Develop a bi-weekly gratitude breakfast. Pick a morning every 2 weeks (weekend mornings work best!) to each say and listen to 3 things you appreciate about the other. Do this over delicious breakfast. Set a weekly retro during times of large life changes to quickly calibrate what systems work best for the new situation. For example, the first time we moved in together, we set 30 minutes every Sunday evening to discuss what went well that week and what could be changed. This intentional time for relationship communication helped us confidently navigate the life change. Debate with "Debate Sheets." Jordan and I often have contentious in-the-moment discussions (e.g., is there currently macro level inflation in the US?, is international development worth the corresponding negative ramifications?, etc.) that we'd start to take personally, because we are both stubborn and like to be right. When we initially debate live in the moment, we don't know if the data points the other person vaguely cite have any credibility nor do we have certainty of our own. Thus, we started to write "Debate Sheets." Whenever a live debate starts to become upsetting to one another, we will move the debate online to be researched more thoroughly before resuming live later. We have a Google Drive Folder titled "The Great Debate" with Debate Sheet documents titled along the like of "Market Crashes" and "Philosophical Dilemma of Helping." Through this format, we learn about the world in a more accurate way (cited with articles for example), we have the space and time to better articulate and structure our argument, and can easily comment on specific points the other makes. If needed, we can also get a neutral third party to weigh in. We found in many discussions that there is space for both of us to be right; a productive debate is often a matter of defining the conditions in which each argument is valid. Discuss finances transparently. What is your financial philosophy? What is your financial situation? What are your financial goals? Make time for friends. Friendships are among the most important aspects of our 20s. Encourage each other to be independent people with independent friends, and also be able to have friends together and be friendly with each others' friends. Seek feedback from close friends you trust on if you are being too couple-y or showing too much PDA in group situations.Meditate most days. Think intentionally about becoming a better person - it'll help make you a better person for your interactions with your partner too! Choose love every day. View your partner as an evolving beautiful case study (as every separate human being is!) and view your job as his / her devoted researcher. Learn about your partner's interests and passions. Be present in interactions. Listen with authentic intent and curiosity. Revisit plan every 4-6 months to see what is working and what can be improved.



+ a few Covid-relevant items:



Covid Situation I: spending substantially more time together in a shared spaceEstablish physical personal space spots. This can be your own room or even a corner of a shared room set up with a couch cushion. Covid Situation II: long-distance relationship Communicate everyday - we have technology today that makes this easier than ever (e.g., text, video chat, phone call, send video / voice / photo messages, etc.).Establish a time threshold for physical visits. Our time threshold is visiting each other 1x / 2 months. 



Conclusion:



Jordan and I's relationship is nowhere near perfect. We are both individuals with a high degree of change and minimal stability in life plans. Geographically while we've been dating, we've lived mostly in the same city during college (I also lived in Seattle and Boulder for 3-4 months each) and then moved to San Francisco in 2019. Within the last year, Jordan moved from San Francisco to Austin. Within the last year, I have moved from San Francisco to Chicago, Okoboji (Iowa), Seattle, Monterey, San Diego... 



Jordan's career ambitions have dabbled from chemical engineer, musician, software engineer at a big tech company, early team member at a startup, real estate agent, real estate investor, to more. My career ambition includes living abroad for multiple years - helping impactful companies scale their international operations in Asia and / or Africa. Writing this out now, I can see how this seems like the odds are stacked against us. But I've never thought that - instead I see change as a welcome, comforting constant. Perhaps that's part of the beauty and fun of being 24 and in love.



Sincerely,



Kat Hu



P.S. I have no idea what other relationships are like among persons A and B where neither A or B are me. This relationship plan was created from my personal experience and will not fit to every relationships' needs. Again, feel free to take and try anything, everything, or nothing!











Appendix A: Level of Attention and Direct Communication Needs - Individual Bounds and Relationship Sweetspot



Illustration of Attention and Communication Needs, assumes amount given / received are equivalent



Appendix B: Anatomy of the Common Argument



Take Path B! Diffuse the argument before it becomes increasingly intense and emotion-fueled.



Appendix C: Example Format for Cruft Doc



Real J+K relationship cruft intro



Appendix D: Positive Line of Best Fit Graph for Behavior Change Expectations



It's ok to not have 100% positive behavior change immediately, so long the overall trend is positive.


I have incredible women (and men) mentors who give me real, INCREDIBLE, actionable advice that I feel would propel my career by bounds.Women often are more real, empathetic, relatable, close with me.The advice addresses deeper fundamental levels of why which create the mindset shifts needed to sustain habit changes. I see myself growing into their advice, living it and experiencing its' benefits. I see myself becoming that mentor to other people (again mostly other women who've been in my shoes - but perhaps the gender is circumstantial). 



For those two points, I am beyond thankful.


Goal: To develop a more confident presence through removing un-serving words and phrases.



"I think""Um""Uh""Like""I’m not sure""I don’t know""Perhaps""Maybe""Kind of""Just""Somewhat""Wait""Well""And…" (trailing)(agreeable chuckle at the end of a sentence)"Just thinking out loud" (I think this phrase is useful, but I want to use it less because I currently use it at times I’m not confident about what I’m about to say.)"Cool""Awesome""That makes sense."



Building a habit takes 30 days. I've written this list down on a physical piece of paper that I'll keep by my bed and desk to review before bed and on work meetings - so I can be intentional in changing my speech these next 30 days. 


2/19/21 Balboa Park


Something I learned from my first McK project. And continue to learn in life. 



Experts just have a detailed view of their specific (not full) scope of an industry / sector / company / etc. They also have their own future predictions or recommendations based on their own specific past experiences, risk tolerance, personal risk profiles, etc. 


fundamental attribution error



Lead with empathy - great mindset habit :) 


I lost those eyes. 


An important step includes seeing more of the world. Taking inventory of what all that "can be."



I am grateful. Love outpours me. And life continues.


Aka 42 aka ASCII 42 aka * 


real estate



mck - staffing



stock market



more....



thoughts: what are the drivers? what does it mean? where are there patterns and connections?





People I get excited about!!! Excited to work with. That’s such a under-rated element. 



Vs lately I had been solving for new topics, random walks, different people and working styles. 


TL , from mom's exp in IB, from my exp in approvals for pm role, etc



the ultimate decision makers who are responsible for impt decisions (relating to you, your career) are beyond people who may appear authoritative and act or interact with you a certain way 


Attachment to results = cause of suffering



Learned from: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/people-i-mostly-admire/id1525936566?i=1000515558332


🥰


Thought. Examples: T Swift making all these albums in 2020


Small amount of time relative to the hours, days, years we live! Though we need to put in the time in those hours, days, years to be able to have the opportunity to make those decisions in those minutes. 



https://open.spotify.com/track/6j6bTAiW0oEfLlAjmRNcbb?si=jT0mRRMGTTSFARyG-1tDPg


Thoughts from Exhalation story of The Merchant and the Alchemist’s Gate, from the power of silence, from my recruiting process for secondment


I don’t understand Twitter, so I use Wordpress to capture my thoughts :) 


And the fear is that, once something much better comes along, I’m not so committed to what I initially was doing, but I’m also not free to do the better opportunity. 



Time..... singular path! 


From my personal experiences, often times when someone brings up something I did that didn’t make them feel that great, my first response (at least in personal situations more than in professional situations) is to defend my actions and justify why I did it from my perspective. 



Also from my personal experiences in those times, when I apologize first instead of starting with my defense, I ameliorate the situation quickly (leading to a win-win for both parties). And there’s always something genuine to apologize for! Say the sorry first, then later mention your intentions and how your intentions weren’t for those negative impacts the other felt. 



Correlates with the “give first” mantra. Make it a habit to say Sorry first in some of these situations. 



Situation examples where this often applies: 



The other person is someone you really care aboutThe topic isn’t that important to you. It doesn’t pass the “Does it really matter?” test when you ask yourself that question


Thank you to all the organizations who employ me - for trusting me in putting my brain power to work in your impactful, interesting problems.



When I reflect on my life, I can't think of anything more to ask for. Thus, I want to make my life about giving. 



I am thankful for the opportunity to work on interesting problems, for the freedom and privilege in being able to divert my time to those problems, for having the sweet spot of having some interesting problems paying better than others - thus affording me the financial freedom (combined with personal discipline) to save enough $ to cover living expenses to also choose to work on interesting problems even when the financial pay out is not as great. 



I am thankful for my health, thankful for freedom, thankful for family and solid relationships. I am thankful for flow, for focus, for creation in things I find interesting.



I live a very selfish life. I make sure to take care of myself first. I draw boundaries. I choose fun over financial gain (this may be commonplace in my privileged circle, but it is not the norm in the immigrant culture I grew up in). 



Side thought, there are a series of words that I'd apply to myself - where the definition buys me personal fulfillment and freedom, but the connotation of the words are typically not positive. Among these words include: selfish, discipline, frugality, introvert, satisfied.



I've learned that there is no right answer. There is only fun in the search. We're all playing different games. Just don't forget what's truly important to myself.



Since college, I've been constantly in phases feeling: "I cannot believe I get to live like this." When I strip away social media and comparisons to the world, I am happy and grateful for each step along my journey.


instead, i just went outside and knocked the door to my neighbors' houses. my friends in the neighborhood did the same. brianna came to my door every single day: "can kathleen come out and play?", mostly to my mom response at the door saying: "i'll let her know to find you when she finishes piano practice", but sometimes to a successful outcome of me grabbing my shoes and running out. our streets were playgrounds and play fields; we used to occupy the roads so our soccer matches could be played. when a car came, there was always someone in charge of yelling "CAR" and we'd move our goal posts and ball to the side and give the acknowledging wave to the car driver. the dragons to be slayed were in melissa's backyard. the fairies to catch were in molly's basement. our forts were never complete without at least 3 different blankets, 2 bedsheets, and 6 chairs or whatever it was we could find to hold up the sheets.



elementary years were fun; i'm sure they're still just as fun


the process, the team, the atmosphere



thankful for the opportunities i've had


No one else will even be able to completely understand it. The most amazing souls will show up to cheer you along the way, but this is your game. Make a pact to be in it with yourself for the long haul, as your own supportive friend at every step along the way" - Tara Mohr


First reflect on who is doing the saying. 


Are the achy bone jointsCold shiversPurple lipsHeadachesFeeling like I’m out of my mindWhere is my mindNot being myselfNot being able to do things! To plan things. To follow through with plans.The release



The hours waiting, navigating new hospital systemsThe majority of my grocery budget spent on yogurt - plain, passionfruit and mango, strawberry, laki laki probiotic drinks



The love hate relationship with the toiletWay too long looking at the bowlOr sitting at the bowl, hands clenching my stomachWondering waiting for when will this stop



I’m weak,I can’t focus,I’m tired,I’m not capableI’m lonelyI’m feeling depressed



Food poisoning, parasites, viral infectionsI’ve had em all



—-



Thankfully, each additional time around, I feel like I also develop a bit more of a community with a few friends who make an effort to help, and time passes and antibiotics go down and I come back up to another version of me.


In the United States, there is a significant point of contention around Native-American US colleges mascots. There are over 50 on this list of US college sports team names / mascots derived from indigenous people. From my personal experience, the majority of people who I heard express complaints on team mascots being Native American were not Native American. While it is great to hear so many allies amplify a cause, perhaps the voices of the people representative of the core issues can get sounded out.A Native American I spoke with regarding this topic (big flag that this was just one data point) didn't care too much about this topic of contention. He did mention that the Native-American mascots, though not very accurate, could create more visibility on their culture - and without the mascots, then the Native American community could actually lose some valuable recognition, education, and dialog.In Kenya, there is a controversy regarding "outsider" startup founders. "Outsider" here defined as non-Kenyans. Overall, startups that have been founded by "outsiders" seem to be able to raise venture money more easily and thus perhaps more likely to scale and be a larger success. The controversy goes beyond the unfairness in raising money. Also, when these startups are successful... then more money and power are funneled to the top (the founders), and in these situations where the founders are "outsiders", then there is a perception of A) money being made off the Kenyan market but the wealth is going to non-Kenyans, and B) non-Kenyans become in a position of power to drive decisions on technology products / services that then impact so many Kenyans. One of my expat friends compared this situation to a type of "new colonialism" of the continent. Actually, from my experience living in Kenya so far, everyone who told me about this issue were non-Kenyan citizens.Armed with this knowledge and still wanting to start a startup here, I prioritized finding local co-founders. As I expanded my network to more Kenyans in the startup scene here, I also started to learn more about their perspectives on this issue. Below is a summary of their perspective (my data points here are a meager three, so again, I'd like to call-out that this is still not necessarily representative of Kenya's population's perspectives as a whole):



Wealth and value is still generated for Kenya / Africa. First, these entrepreneurs have to be building something of value for the local market - that's the fundamental reason for their company's growth. This likely means that they are elevating the quality of life for a subset of local people by creating something new that did not previously exist.Secondly, as a company grows, it increases employment and skill acquisition for locals. As the entrepreneur scales their company, then their team (assuming the team consists mostly of locals) also acquires skills and money to launch the next generation of innovation after they leave the initial company! The team can learn about launching, running, and scaling a startup with potentially more mature practices brought in from the "outsider" entrepreneur to later use to build their own company.There is a perspective that "outsiders" are well poised to bring in new ideas of products and services from their experiences living elsewhere - spurring overall more innovation in the local ecosystem. A relevant data point in the US shows that 55% of US unicorns have an immigrant founder, per a study in 2018.







So what does this mean for "outsiders"? As an aspiring "outsider" entrepreneur in a market I'm not native to, here are my thoughts:



Listen to both sides of the controversy (not just the side that you want to hear) and understand where each is coming from - there is validity and truth in both.Look closer at who (and if there's a pattern among the who) is saying each side of the story. Perhaps hold the "insider" voices and the voices of people you admire at a higher level of influence in shaping your own perspective.Understand your own why! What are your fundamental goals - and what would it mean to your goals if your key decisions were shaped by one stance or the other?



And in terms of my search for a local co-founder? I've concluded that I should do this because it makes good business sense - not to have a "token" co-founder or to try and avoid controversy. And in the preliminary phase of a startup, it's also valid to hire a local team (cash is often king) instead of necessarily sharing co-founder status right off the bat.


^ learned from yoga and headstands



Another thought: life is easier when you are okay with change (and can detach with more peace). 


In making joint decisions, my partner and I narrow options based on our preferences. 



For example, if we need to decide where to eat out, then one person will give 3 choices of food ethnicities (these 3 are of that person’s preference already). Then the next person will pick the category they want and suggest a few restaurants that fit the constraint. The decision to pick between the remaining options is passed back to the first person. 



Another example is movies. When we sit in front of Netflix and try to figure out what to watch, one of us will apply an initial constraint by offering a few select types of movies they’d want to see (e.g., rom com, make you think movies, cult classics, etc.). The next person then works within that constraint and proposes ~3 movies. The first person then chooses the movie. 



This process has been efficient for us to make relatively insignificant decisions (for one, they are reversible - e.g., we can start a movie and realize we don’t like it and switch to another one - and for two, they aren’t key dependencies that shape other major life outcomes), especially when we both initially have weak preferences. 



When we use this process, we’ve been able to quickly agree on a decision that is optimal enough for both of us. The trade off is worth it. Previously without this process, I’ve felt frustrated trying to decide where to go for dinner - where the time to decide takes up mental overhead (not worth an insignificant decision!) and increases the level of my hangriness. 



Making a decision between three options is easier than seemingly infinite options. The difference in computation is between validate and search… a measurable cost. 



Thoughts inspired by the book Algorithms to Live By


The girls have a pattern among them too - slightly naive, easily impressed



- impressed by his worldly travels, his eclectic interests, his ambition which has already led to a few achievements



Dinner for two, home cooked duck breast glazed with red wine sauce



- impressed enough to overlook his downfalls: how he doesn't listen to her, how he is in this for something else - something short term, how he is a pathological liar.



Tried and true, two cups of aeropress espresso with Ethiopian beans in the morning



In another world, the girl who fell for it was me.


- susan roane


Source





I’d like to think I don’t care for prestige. That it’s a cookie cutter machine to flush out people tailored a certain way - who are chasing the “wrong” things in my view. 



However, I’ve recently realized that, a huge reason I can afford this mindset is because I have a top consulting firm tied to my name. 



Damn, I am so thankful I had McK as an experience in my life. Both for the name association but also for the personal growth it’s brought me. I’ve made some of my best friends literally around the world through McK. I connect immediately with people at work (companies after McK), people in different countries, people who are friends of my friends (list not MECE ;)) and am able to bond over a shared experience working at a top consulting firm. We communicate the same way, we’ve gone through the same programs and the same experiences. There’s a sense of shared understanding. 



It’s easier to say I don’t care for prestige when I have some of it. It’s easier for me to live more freely, chase after things relatively free of the prestige consideration, now that I reap the lasting benefits that come with an association. 



——



Also, this is a great self improvement YouTube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Si5QeaehEZs



One takeaway for me was to just write when I think of something - thus the reason for this post!


But dear child, this now being hard makes the futures to come that much easier 


Me to communicate more when I start feeling this!! So he can also be more receptive and understanding.


Mindset of - we have limited time together (physically or in our phone calls), so let's make all of it amazing.



And individually, both have really full lives otherwise!



Lots of love.


Kat to write more on this 


the day charlie left, my dad cut down our fig tree.



that night, my dad opened the door to our backyard, looking out the same he has every night these last 14 years



as i went upstairs to bed, i smelled the burning of an incense stick


why, when i think of designing my life with kids, i want to live in a good co-housing community, and why i want my kids to have access to alternative high school options (depending on their specific interests! e.g., academies to study their interest, top boarding schools, uwc, etc.)


Sophomore year of college, a friend in my ECE 210 class responded with a flabbergasted "Why?" when he learned I had registered to run a full marathon. 



"What do you mean why?" I pushed back.



"Are you going to win the marathon?" he asked. "Why would you play a game that's near impossible to win?"



I knew I couldn't win the marathon; I just wanted to complete it. (Spoiler alert: Fast forward 4 months, I didn't even complete 1km of the actual marathon - my right knee developed patellofemoral pain syndrome aka "runner's knee" from training with incorrect running form and not supportive enough shoes.)



But his words were a stark, new perspective - a seed of an idea planted in my mind to ruminate over. 







This idea permeates across successful people in our society who've undergone pivots upon realization that they're not suited to win in their current game. Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, pivoted his career ambitions from becoming a theoretical physicist after realizing there are people much smarter than him in that field. Another CEO (still trying to find this source - it was a podcast interview) had a similar revelation: he turned down a quant trading job (or was it pivoted from academia?) because he realized he was never going to be as passionate or talented as the top people he saw in those roles.



Entrepreneurship is a game you can win. An entrepreneur spends her time building something that hasn't previously existed, something that she vehemently believes should exist because of the value it would add to the world.



Because the entrepreneur is building something that hasn't previously existed, it's likely that the competitive landscape is relatively nascent. If the entrepreneur continues to focus on her users and adding value to them (and a few other factors), then there's a viable path for the business to "win" a local maxima with potential to scale to win larger and larger maximas. 



In addition, the rules of the game are not written. Unlike age-old games like Olympic sports (for example, football was invented 3000+ years ago with the rules we know today standardized 100+ years ago) or traditional career paths, entrepreneurship is writing and playing by your own rules. It means innovating your own marketing strategy, developing your own customer acquisition funnel, delighting users with magical moments through your product. It's easier to compete on your own terms than rules that have been studied for generations.



Finally, an entrepreneur has significant ownership. Her input has a direct correlation to the output; the product or service would not exist if not for her. For her business to persist, she must love and be obsessed with what she's doing. And when someone loves what they're doing and is obsessed, then that becomes an immediate unfair advantage towards winning the game.







The next year, the same ECE 210 friend signed up for and ran the full marathon. 



All to say, it may be advantageous to play games you can win with the majority of your time - but you should still spend time on things that you want to do for the sake of it! 


1. Identify the goal



Example: I want to build a technology product that enables investors to buy bonds from DAOs. 



2. Breakdown to smaller to-do’s to accomplish the goal



For multiple layered breakdowns, break down goal to workstreams (layer 1), then breakdown those workstreams further (layer 2) to smaller to-do's ("deliverables"). Number of layers depends on scope and complexity of the goal. Generally, 1-3 layers should be sufficient to understand for someone overseeing the project.



Example:



1st level breakdown of workstreams: Product, Development, Design, Sales / Marketing, Funding / Investor Relations, Recruiting



2nd level breakdown - for the product workstream:



Deliverables:a) Create a product spec for investor workflow to buy bondsb) Create a product spec for DAO workflow to post and manage auctions for selling bondsc) Create a product spec smart contracts (underlying technical infrastructure)



3rd level breakdown - for a) investor workflow product spec:



To-do's:i) Talk to 10 potential investor users (sub tasks: develop specific research questions, develop target list of investors to ask, etc.)ii) Fill out each section of a product spec template (ex: user need, detailed requirements, what's out, etc.)



3. Plot deliverables to a timeline 



For a multiple layered breakdown, have the same number of timelines as number of layers. Timelines may not be needed for smaller sub-breakdowns at deeper layers (ex: 3rd level breakdown of to-do's in our example).



The plot of to-do's to a timeline becomes the roadmap.



Example:



(Kat to add a visual drawing of how this could look from a 1st and 2nd level workstream roadmap)



(4. Execute!)



Execute, track, and adjust roadmap accordingly when new information comes in.


Things that seemed so grandiose before 



Like publishing a book



Starting a nonprofit



Organizing a professional event 



Raising lots of $



Onwards 


thought, thing learned... possibly to write more on this?



and mention how this was something i used to struggle with (coming up with stories) in my story telling class



and that knowing this - is a hack to that!



cuz linearly as time passes, you don't know it'll become a story or part of a story.... the story part comes through reflection.


Something about the serene and immense-ness of being in nature and retaining a sense of control and self-efficacy. 



Something about being absolutely present with no way to even care about mundane hubbub. 



An awesome sense of freedom. 



That feeling is addicting as heck!


Interesting perspective that I feel like I've definitely seen this hold true for people in my networks.



Source:




https://future.a16z.com/equity-compensation-in-tech/



things feel more real, here are a few reasons why:



you have validation (real people chose to join you and your vision / mission)you have accountability (real people chose to join you and your vision / mission!)you have support to go farther (when you feel like stopping, your team helps you keep going)you have better ideas (e.g., 2 people brainstorming together lead to more ideas than sum of ideas if each person was brainstorming on their own)


Definitions:



Group 1: Selector(s) try everything to woo this candidate archetype.



Group 2: This candidate archetype tries everything to woo selector(s).



Selector definition: A gatekeeper of entry to a selective organization / program / opportunity



Candidate definition: An applicant to the organization / program / opportunity



Observation seen through a series of examples:



i) College admissions - athletic recruitingii) Executive hiringiii) VC funding



i) College admissions - athletic recruiting



Group 1 example: my sister's tennis recruiting



For context, my sister is a highly competitive high school tennis player. She's consistently ranked top 5 in our state and led her varsity high school team to state (placing 2nd as a freshman and 1st as a junior - there wasn't state as a sophomore due to covid).Correspondingly, coaches of top universities (incl those that boast 10% admissions rate) have been actively pursuing her to join their college team.The coaches want her to commit to their school sooner the better. In terms of logistics, this would mean that in the fall of her senior year, she'd apply Early Decision to their school, her profile would be sorted towards a special path for athletic recruits, and the coach would secure her admission to the school.In the meantime, the coaches have a very friendly texting relationship with her. They've set up curated multiple-hour-long sessions with her and my parents to provide more details about the school and address any questions. They email her personal updates on the school, the tennis teammates, and other value propositions to hook her interest. They follow-up persistently (but courteously) for her to commit or provide an answer so they know if they should start pursuing the "waitlisted" players behind her.



Group 2 example: my personal college application process



I was among the regular massive applicant pool in the college application process. I worked hard to try and woo the colleges I wanted to get into - through visiting their campuses, doing in depth research on the college, finding and reaching out to current students to better understand their experience, and setting time to have conversations with the admissions team. On college campus visits or admissions chats, I didn't stand out among the many hundreds (thousands?) of other students who did the same. When I submitted my college applications, it felt like my file was going into a black hole - with no visibility or feedback on my path forward. Even when I was waitlisted at schools I wanted to go to, I would be persistent in updating the generic college admissions email address on my latest achievements, to try and get over the line.



Overall thoughts:



Once you're in, it doesn't matter which path got you in. After that, it just matters what you do with the opportunity you're presented with.Getting into Group 1 is a combination of hard work and positioning yourself to increase your chances of "getting lucky." For instance, most of the coaches scouted my sister when she played high-visibility national tournaments. She worked hard to get into a place to play there. However, there probably exist really talented and hard working sports players who don't know about the forums to get noticed. Thus, it's advantageous to combine hard work and knowledge of how to position yourself to be in Group 1.You can be in Group 1 and 2 at the same time. This is dependent on selector. For instance, my sister may still end up going through regular applications (Group 2) instead of committing for tennis (Group 1) because her tennis is still not competitive enough for her absolute top choice schools.



ii) Company hiring



Group 1 example: me after working at McKinsey



While I was at McKinsey, I got personal solicitations for cool job opportunities through email and LinkedIn from recruiters. I also got access to awesome job opportunities through emailing lists and group chats. Thus, when I applied to a role, I by-passed the mass applicant pools and had prioritized interview processes. After passing interviews, I felt like I had strong pulls from companies to join - including regular check-ins with exec team members and interesting exclusive information about the company shared, especially in the topics I exhibited interest in - I later learned this is an effective technique in the war for talent called a “drip campaign.”



Group 2 example: me trying to get internships as an underclassman in college



As a freshman and sophomore in college, I applied to dozens of internships through college job portals, hiring boards, many inbound emails, and lots of printed resumes handed to college fair recruiters.I received a similar response to each application: crickets. I ended up getting internships for both summers, but overall got way more rejections than acceptances. Definitely no special treatment in the recruiting process or the “sell” process (where the company really wants you to join after giving you an offer).(Later, as a hiring manager at a large tech startup, I totally understand how the hundreds of applicants via online portals are easy to pass on and difficult to deeply view and respond to each application. Also being on the other side of hiring, I kind of “get it” - in terms of what is effective in hiring; that’s another blog post :))



Overall thoughts:



Group categorization is fluid! The change is a function of time and what an individual does during that time.What that means as a selector: life is a long game. Don’t burn bridges or treat people “less than” based on their experiences to date. Where you can, bet on people who show potential but are currently in Group 2; you never know how your actions can impact the rest of their trajectory!



iii) VC funding



Group 1 example: my SO with his DeFi startup



My SO started working on his own startup a few months ago in the DeFi space.In raising money, there was no pitch deck, financial model, business plan. There were just conversations (some even just 15 minutes) hat ended with verbal commitments after exchange of an idea and what the investor could bring to the table. Millions of dollars at a competitive valuation were raised pre-product and pre-team.The pre-seed round was still oversubscribed. Highly value-add investors were able to be squeezed in with more space open at even higher valuations. Top name brand VC firms DM him and people refer him to join exclusive founder fellowships / startup opportunities.



Group 2 example: some peers I know who are building startups



Their pitch decks, inbound messages, and application submissions to VCs and relevant programs sit among a repository of many others without reply.When raising, limited dollars are hard bartered. Some already have a product, signs of early traction, and team.*Note: There are numerous factors not detailed here that lead to different situational magnitudes; this is just an overall archetype observation.



Overall thoughts:



The macro-environment is important. There is an amplifying correlation* between the amount of worldwide demand (and generally correspondingly $) for your industry with the desirability of you.Life’s easier when you’re in Group 1 and people want you to join what they’re doing more than how much you want to join them. This leads to the next quick analysis: what qualities make someone be in Group 2?



*E.g., if the desirability of you is 2, then an amplifying correlation (say Y which is 1) would be 2*Y. Correspondingly, if the desirability of you is closer to 0, then 0*Y doesn’t help much.



Common factors that separate the two groups:



Speciality in a sought after domainThere are more opportunities in a domain that’s growing than one that’s stagnant or getting smaller. Limited supply of candidate profileMechanics of supply and demand. Strong demand is higher driver, but lower supply is also a contributing factor. Connection to the right selectorsThere’s some element of luck in intersecting with selectors. Strong people skills are paramount if you’re not an absolute beast (say top 1%) in your domain. Things happen because of people and relations. 



Closing thoughts:



Fundamentally, it doesn't matter which candidate group you're in. If you're in Group 2, you can still get in (albeit with more effort) to a selector. Plus, increased effort here due to necessity can breed greater grit and resilience for longer term success.If you’re in Group 1, evaluate your selector(s). Are they the people / org / etc. that you actually want? If not, maybe jump into Group 2 for other selector(s). It’s a careful balance though - to get your best case scenario without dropping what you already “have.” Local vs global maxima problem - and knowing when the computational effort to keep searching for a global maxima no longer becomes worth it.Everyone has been in Group 2; when candidates start on their journey, the default group is Group 2. With effort and time, they can move to Group 1.Inefficiencies exist. Supply and demand is rarely a perfect market among two players. Psychologically, people often want what is harder to get. This is just a nature of the game.


Current reflection on why I love the kitesurfing community:



smart peoplewho care about the world - incl nature and other people. (beyond what some smart / ambitious people chase in movies or in NYC like money, prestige, power, fame, etc.)who are also kind, friendly, accepting, genuine



I fell in love first with the sport; but the people = huge reason for sticking with something longer term.



Reflecting back on activities / majors / career choices / etc. I've committed to and enjoyed in the past, I see the three qualities above shared through the activities' respective communities. Of the three qualities above, #1 and #3 are always strongest shared themes, while #2's magnitude has a larger acceptable range for me.



In order of recency, with judgements based on my limited personal experiences:



People who move to Africa to work at impactful organizations there - Extremely strong in #1, #2, and #3. McKinsey - #1 and #3 were definitely strongest common traits in my analyst community. I feel like naturally being in Silicon Valley, there was a greater proportion of people with strong #2s, which I gravitated to more and formed tighter sub-communities with. Rock climbing community - Generally strong in #1, #2, and #3Biking people - Generally strong in #1, #2, and #3People who shop at farmers markets - Strong #2 and #3, I couldn't judge #1 (but I assume smart in many ways to care for the Earth, local farmers, and food they put into their bodies!)People who live in co-ops / co-living spaces - Generally strong in #1, #2, and #3Tech as an industry - Similar to McKinsey group, I was able to find my sub-communities here with strong #1, #2, and #3s (though I feel like the community as a whole has a wide range on #2)Engineering in college - I chose to study engineering because I went to a "women in engineering" camp as a high school student, where I met college women who seemed so inspirational in what they were doing (from using engineering to make social impact abroad, to starting interesting startups, to going to top grad school programs after) and ranked really strongly on #1, #2, and #3. After committing to UIUC for engineering, I continued to find these qualities hold true for so many of my peers.



P.S., deeper dive on the 3 traits above for kitesurfing community:



Smart people: Understanding how the kite works is all about physics. There are Newtonian forces at play, principles of aerodynamics like lift and drag, 3D and dynamic spatial visualization of power zones, and real life calculations of vectors, velocity, altitude, wind behavior given obstructions, etc. etc. You're out there in the water with just a board and a kite. You're solving problems in real time with just those tools - in order to achieve flight! I've met many kite surfers who studied engineering in uni.Care for the world: I believe spending ample time out outdoors naturally breeds greater care and appreciation for nature. You're more aware as shorelines recede over the years. You see first hand how climate changes affect the communities living vulnerably near the elements. You also see the insane sunrises and sunsets over the water and are in absolute awe of the incredible Earth we are privileged to pass a brief moment that is our lives in.Kind / accepting: Everywhere I've kitesurfed (n = 3), I've found the community to be extremely open and accepting. You bond quickly and make friends over a shared passion. Veterans share tips and stories. There is limited judgement no matter your skill level; everyone's been a beginner before. 



P.S.S., if I were to add a fourth trait, I think it'd be dedication for the "activity." I like being around passionate people; the energy is infectious. 


how in the world are there so many incredibly kind people? 



at 6am this morning, i took a ~1 hour bus from Santa Veronica to Barranquilla



when i boarded the bus, it was packed and there was only standing room. for context, this bus takes people living in "outskirts" of the city (Barranquilla) to the city - almost all for work at service jobs.



on the way, we also passed a lavanderia (laundromat).



my thoughts:



in cities, many service workers commute 1hr+ in packed and jolty buses to get to work at near minimum wage jobs. these people wake up around 5am or earlier. they spend hours on the road to what i think are among the most difficult jobs. their lives are a magnitude of inconvenience greater than mine - at a greater cost. 



quick aside- "poor" costs i've heard through the years:



laundromat costs - $ and time / hassle to bring clothes to a laundromat costs more than using a washer / dryer at home (neglecting the upfront cost of the machines) charging a phone if you don't have electricity at home - in the book I'm currently reading (How to Avoid a Climate Disaster), author Bill Gates mentions it people pay vendors ~$0.25 to charge a phone if they don't have electricity at home; which is order of magnitudes greater than the cost most people pay for electricity at home commuting - again $ and time (and energy!) for commuting is much greater than not needing to (e.g., remote work) toilet paper - poorer people tend to pay a 6% premium on everyday purchases, like toilet paper. there is a mark-up for buying individual rolls vs in bulk, but poorer people may not have the upfront capital needed to buy in bulk  many more examples!! a book on my reading list to learn more about this is called How the Other Half Banks



This means less time to spend with their families. Less time to spend on "hobbies" and on themselves.



and they're fucking kind. on the bus, they're the ones who offer to hold your backpack at their feet area while you're standing because your backpack keeps falling around; they're the ones that stand up on the bus to offer you their seat. in cities, they're the ones who serve you delicious breakfast and coffee with a genuine smile on their face; they're the ones who have every right to be bitter at the world, at the hand they've been dealt with by the zip code of their birth, yet they go out of their way to make your day a tad bit better, a tad bit more convenient. and this makes all the difference.



i'm absolutely baffled and overwhelmed by the kindness of human beings. it's been a common thread i've witnessed from people who may not have as much financial privilege as myself. onwards to trying my tiny bit in paying things forward.



lots of love,



kat



p.s. i keep missing kenya on a near daily basis. the hikes, the people, the kitesurfing, the people, the people. (but also loving the present!)



p.s.s. like most of my writing, i'm making generalizations of an archetype :)


Below are things I never regret doing (and can regret not doing):



Sharing a complementTalking with a stranger who seems interesting Anonymous acts of kindnessApologizing firstDancingBreathing, meditating, going for a walk outsideDrinking waterSmiling Working outGetting solid sleepTaking naps when I'm tiredTelling people I love, that I love themExercisingTaking time for self-careCleaning my room / making my bedBeing barefoot on EarthHugs


*At times, I'll make seemingly counterintuitive decisions to maximize freedom in the near term; but my rationale to is that those decisions would be like "delayed gratification" and lead to greater (in the absolute sense) longer term freedom. For example, I may choose to not overly indulge in food that could taste good but I know would deplete my energy levels later on. I guess I'm trying to say that the freedom I'm chasing isn't hedonism.



(There was a quote I heard a while back about how laws counter-intuitively create more freedom .... I'll look around for this to pull in, in the future!). 



In the next few days, I'll be publishing a series of posts on how I define the types of freedoms that are important to me, and how I optimize for them. Stay tuned!


1. Physical Freedom



My definition:



My physical body is healthy, fit, and able to move.



Why it’s important to me:



This allows me to try new things, keep learning, achieve flow state with physical activities. As opportunities come up (say if my friends invite me to go skiing in Colorado, hiking at Mt Kilimanjaro, waterskiing in Watamu, scuba diving in Diani, deep water soloing and cliff jumping at Lake Kinkaid, etc!), then I’m able to say yes and participate.



When I engage in movement, I nourish my body and my mind. I think clearer. I’m fully present.



My favorite physical activities that en-trance me in flow state without fail are: biking, kitesurfing, rock climbing, slacklining, playing tennis, and most kinds of yoga (favorites are acroyoga, aerial yoga, and paddle board yoga :)).



How I optimize this Freedom:



By prioritizing and taking care of my physical health.



Sleep:



Prioritize getting good sleep in my time managementHave a good bed and sleep environmentGet enough quality sleep time



Diet:



Learn about what kinds of food at what quantities and what times of the day give vs take energy for meMindfully eat food that optimizes my energy levelsDrink lots of water!



Skincare:



Follow skincare routine with SPF and moisturizer



Dental care:



Floss teeth after brushing teethWear my retainer at night to prevent grindingBrush my teeth or drinking water after eating something really acidic or sweet



Movement:



Prioritize getting ~30 min of sweat-inducing movement each day during weekdaysPrioritize spending ample time outdoors during weekendsExercise with proper form to minimize injuriesWalk, bike, take stairs, etc. to get around whenever I can



Misc:



Generally avoid engaging in things that have negative effects on my physical health (e.g., alcohol, caffeine, other substances, too much screen time when possible, not dressing for the weather, not fully drying my hair after a shower before going out if it’s chilly or windy outside - somehow my immune system gets shot every time I do this…)



Other physical care habits I’m continuously working on:



Eye care - taking better care of my eyes, especially in my technology screen habitsPosture - having good posture throughout my day whether when I’m working in front of my computer, standing up, socializing with others, or other activities.



Other Freedoms this closely affects:



Mental Freedom (to be shared more about in a future post!)


2. Financial Freedom



My definition:



Having the financial means to pursue whatever I want to.



Why it’s important to me:



This Freedom enables me to pursue the things that I want to, without money being a barrier.



How I optimize this Freedom:



I start with asking myself what’s important to me. What do I want? What do I need? After this self-reflection, I assess how much it would cost to live a life prioritizing what I find important.



I learned that my ideal lifestyle costs a lot less than I initially expected. For the last 3 years of my life, I’ve lived out of a maroon carry-on suitcase from Costco. My rent has always been less than $1000 USD / month while living in environments with people that make me really happy.



I worked at a well-enough-paying career I loved for two years after college. I spent some of my salary on things that were important to me and made me happy. The rest of it, I saved and invested. The savings bought me the financial cushion to continue to afford “buying” my financial freedom in future stages of life. I’ve been able to pursue my professional career decisions irregardless of the compensation. (Side note: for me, compensation is still important! But more as an indication of my relative value to an organization than an absolute figure to chase.) I know I’ll always be able to go full-time into passion projects without needing a salary to pay for my living expenses. For example, in 2021, I was able to afford working at a non-profit in Kenya and maintain a (more costly than my non-profit salary) lifestyle of African adventure.



I continue to spend my money in alignment with what I need, and what makes me happy.



Other Freedoms this closely affects:



Professional Freedom (more on this to come in a future post!)


3. Mental Freedom



My definition:



Mental stability and clarity of thought



Why it’s important to me:



This is an essential (and I think usually underrated) building block to happiness and achieving sustained success in the other degrees of Freedom.



How I optimize this Freedom:



My top habits and systems to maintain and strengthen mental stability and clarity of thought:



Cultivate gratitude mindset:Practice appreciation throughout life, look at every situation by the positives, feel wonder and presentness for even the relatively mundane things we usually take for grantedSurround myself with good people and follow the Golden Rule:I try to show up for others in the way I’d want them to show up for me. By doing so, I feel blessed to have a core group of family and friends that have become my system for mutual emotional stability support and corresponding mental freedom.Manage my stress:My fav stress management practices: Meditate regularly, practice maintaining perspective (e.g., this is not a life or death situation, this won’t make a difference in 10 years, there are much greater problems in the world, etc.), exercise, go outside, take a nap, write down my to-do’s and have reassess my prioritization (incl what can I push out or totally drop), call a friend, listen to some music and dance, break for a clay or sheet face mask, turn on my eye massager



Other Freedoms this closely affects:



Physical FreedomFinancial FreedomProfessional Freedom (more to come in a future post!)


4. Professional Freedom



My definition:



Freedom built by skills, experiences, and network to pursue professional opportunities that are most interesting to me.



Why it’s important to me:



I spend the majority of my life at work - in my professional career. Accordingly, my work is how I maximize my impact to the world as well as my personal feeling of fulfillment.



Personally, I optimize for careers where I can have the steepest learning curves in directions that I find interesting. Financial compensation is a lower priority; my compensation just needs to be enough for me to feel valued.



Since my semester in Paris for Digital Tech Year, I adopted a mindset that, for at least in my 20s, each full-time thing that I spend time in (e.g., job, fellowship, entrepreneurship, etc.), I would do it even if I had to pay money to do so. Excellence at professions in traditional industries like medicine and law require multiple years of schooling; thus I find it valid to invest my 20s on learning to obtain longer term professional opportunities with greater magnitudes of impact, potential earning power, and fulfillment.



How I optimize this Freedom:



I optimize the professional opportunities available to me through a strategic acquisition of skills and network.



Skills:



From Turing - chief of staff role:How a CEO runs a fast growing $1B+ startup, incl org setup, exec interactions, metrics analysis, investor relations, etc.From One Acre Fund - operation lead role:How to design end-to-end processes, implement, and scale!From McKinsey:How to be a “professional”Executive presence and confidenceExecutive communicationProblem solving and achieving buy-in for a true success to implementationFrom Paris Digital Tech Year:Technical know-how for coding MVPs - including for mobile developmentWorking “in the field” to design a technology product with user-centric principlesWorking in an engineering teamFrom Engineering major:Analytical approach to solving problemsHard work ethic and time management



Network:



From McKinsey:Working with many different people - from different industries, functions, tenures, etc.From remote year:Living with friends and getting to know people more deeplyFrom Watson social entrepreneurship fellowship:Awesome social entrepreneurs from literally around the world (for example, my roommate was from Papua New Guinea) - both in my cohort and the other cohorts who’ve gone through the program



Financial note: In my 20s, I don’t have large financial obligations like a family, mortgage, or large health expenses. Taking advantage of this situational freedom, I am able to choose my professional decisions to optimize for the acquisition of the three above, which I believe will bring enough financial freedom in the long run for additional expenses (like a family!) that I’ll likely want.



Other Freedoms this closely affects:



Financial FreedomPhysical Freedom(e.g., where I live for work)


5. Born-with Freedoms



My definition:



There are a large amount of freedoms that I’ve been incredibly blessed to be born with. These are freedoms that I can’t change - and instead, I want to acknowledge and make the most of them. These are gifts from my parents - and from the universe that made it so I was born to my parents at the geographic locations they were at, at the time in the universe they were living.



Why it’s important to me:



As I grow older, I see more of this world and have conversations with people much different than I. Through these experiences, a common pattern emerges: I continuously learn more about the privileges I’ve been born with - that I may have previously taken for granted. These “born-with freedoms” enable me to live the rest of my life more fully because I don’t need to worry about certain things that may limit many other people around the world.



How I external forces optimize this Freedom:



Freedoms due to where I was raised:



Language skills - I’m conversationally fluent in Chinese, French, and Spanish (in addition to English!) because I was brought up in China, Canada, and the US.Chinese culture - I love being Chinese! I love the cultural values I grew up with, I love the beautiful languages and the chengyu phrases, I love how there are Chinese people all over the world - and it seems that I can quickly connect to this community no matter where I am in the world. I love having a rich ethnic history that I can call my own.American and Canadian passports - This. I have so many physical freedoms on Earth because of my passports. I can travel and work almost anywhere in the world. I get to live and work in one of the most prosperous countries with security, freedom, and liberty. There are so many perks of my nationality - that I grow much more appreciative of when I live in different countries and meet people with various restrictions and headaches that I don’t need to worry about.



Other freedoms due to my parents:



Body genetics - I’m relatively healthy because my parents and their families are relatively healthy. Like my parents, I’m naturally lean and tall which helps with making most of my physical freedom.Values and habits - My parents passed on their values to my sister and I through their daily actions. It’s easier to do something beneficial (or even to know to do something) when you see the people closest to you embody it. A few top ones:1) Be growth-minded and open-minded. We are life-long learners and explorers of this huge world. There is always something to learn in each situation - to take the good and to learn to avoid the bad. They gave us all they knew from their experience of this world, and urged us to explore beyond their knowledge.2) Prioritize what’s important in life. Certain things in life are irreversible - like health! Thus, it’s important to prioritize these accordingly and ensure your actions reflect this prioritization.3) Be continuously grateful and maintain a sense of wonder. This outlook on the world makes life easier :)4) Work hard :) Perhaps this value stems from my parents being immigrants to North America from China when I was a child. They had to work really hard for everything they have.5) Discuss finances openly. Through this, we learned about personal finances - one of those important topics that they don’t teach at school (but totally should!).6) Provide emotional support and stability. My parents raised my sister and I in an environment of unconditional love and support. This provides a baseline of emotional stability that allows us the mental capacity and confidence to do more in our lives in other ways. (+ shout out to my SO as well who continues providing my life with an immense amount of emotional support and love.)



Freedoms due to the macro trends during the time in Earth that I live in:



Lots of jobs available after graduation (I didn’t graduate during an economic downturn)I was able to work in person for almost a year before work overall went remote due to Covid. I’m thankful to have had a solid in person start - for more mentorship and coaching.Minority groups (by gender, race, etc.) have more opportunities now than ever before in the US. Diversity is valued.



Thanks mom and dad.



xx



Other Freedoms this closely affects:



All other Freedoms.


source:



https://www.instagram.com/p/CZpplZ0PzNr/



:) 



cheeers!



Thinking out loud: in growing your online presence and what you share to a seemingly-infinite community; be genuine. It's better to be genuine (and happy by being true to yourself!) and have smaller followers who are truly invested, than to constantly course correct your content to what you think the masses want to see / hear / read - and lose some of yourself and what you truly enjoy doing. 



Side thought: A book I'm currently reading, The Righteous Mind, mentions how people are influenced by others' perceptions of them, no matter how they themselves think they are or are not (conclusions from a conducted study). Perhaps a way to avoid too much course correcting in content publishing is to schedule posts and look at feedback on a cadenced aggregate, instead of 1-off. Signal v noise!


underrated perks, highly ranked in my book:



sneaking a kiss w your SO during the work daynapping when you're exhaustedkitesurfing on weekends dictating your own meal times hangouts / meals with other remote workers; who are friends you choose to be around instead of have to be around without choiceno mandatory commutewear whatever clothes make you most comfortable



I prefer remote working culture than in-person; but in ideal world- it'd be somewhat hybrid (quarterly off-sites, monthly field visits, etc.)


+ is longevity of relevance even important?


one. when i touch your body once again, i trace your new physique against my embrace; reminding me that we are separate human beings, constantly evolving.



two. we have too little time in this world, too brief a time together. so we squeeze the essence out of every precious moment, we can't afford to settle and take for granted this time before our next departing flight. 



three. did you know that you still give me butterflies? thrice actually, in the last few days: in anticipation of your arrival, when we're with friends and the way you look at me, when you push your lips against mine in the morning.



four. there's time for myself. i'm finding my own voice, shaping my own thoughts, and growing into my own being. you too. and we'll love each other more for it.



five. it's been five years together. we've both changed a heck ton; it's pretty lucky we still like each other eh?







P.S., the #s were a bit of a stretch. hope it was at least more interesting to read than bullet points! ;)


is both partners having a growth mindset.



It seems like most books, articles, youtube videos, and other content sources will tout answers such as: communication, respect, trust, honesty, compromise, physical connection, and others.



Although I wholeheartedly agree that these other answers are incredibly important to have in a relationship, I believe having a growth mindset is the most important (and most under-recognized) answer to sustaining long term romantic relationships. 



Why:



Our lives are complex and dynamic. As we evolve, new challenges inadvertently arise that test relationships. A growth mindset ensures the relationship can navigate these trials and grow stronger as a result.



Plus, growth mindset is a bit of a cheat code answer; someone with a growth mindset would continuously improve on all the textbook answers of communication, respect, physical connection, etc.



Side thoughts:



Similarly, when I ask both my single guy and girl friends of the factors they find most important in their potential SO, the answers I commonly hear include: level of altruism / care for the world, smile / height / specific other physical traits, sense of humor, sense of adventure, intelligence, etc.I urge people to include the growth mindset factor when assessing romantic partners. It's the factor with the greatest compounding returns ;)You'll be opening yourself to the right pool of potential suitors. There may be a limited group of people who currently meet the bar on all of your standards, but if you're evaluating on growth mindset (evaluation by demonstrated actions and results), you'll be able to focus your pool on people who are more likely to provide long term happiness than just static satisfaction.If I were to pick the second most important factor for sustaining long term romantic relationships, it'd be dedication to the relationship. The intent + growth mindset is a powerful duo!


s/o to Joy Xun for this reminder 3


funny how i become more thankful of things when i temporarily experience not having them


you know, of the ones where the guy makes that face, or the girl falls asleep, etc. etc. 



if this already exists, where can i find and follow it!



P.S. I'm publishing a lot more of my thoughts recently; I'd attribute it to living alone in a studio for the first time of my life!


I've been reflecting on the last 5-10 years, where I've witnessed extraordinary achievements of peers in my proximity (including acquaintances and closer friends). For instance, a peer of mine in middle school didn't attend college and instead went on to become a successful influencer and trailblazer in his own type of videography (and has filmed videos for some of the world's most famous popstars). Peers from my high school with overlapping years have: become serial entrepreneurs of their own companies worth many millions, sold their company with a successful exit, published books that reached #1 on NYT best-seller list (and received among the biggest publishing deals for their category and signed multi-million dollar movie deals) , dated objectively famous heartthrobs, attended Met Galas, play professional sports - from competing at the Olympics to playing on the last SuperBowl winning team, received some of the worlds' most prestigious postgraduate scholarships, achieved twitter / instagram blue check verification in so many different ways (from music to sports), and many more.



Looking into the future 5-10 years, I know I can't begin to imagine the levels of "success" my peers will continue to achieve with the incredible compounding effect of time. These people will be leading industries and movements across the world. 



So dear future successful friends,



I get it. If we were just friendly and more like acquaintances, you probably have dozens of us in your DMs and at least 1 or 2 negative experiences from people who have reached out to you transactionally and artificially after your achieved marks of success.



I also get it. You're hanging out with other similarly successful people. You bond with them more, because you have similar shared experiences - battle scars, triumphs, and all. 



In reflection, perhaps so be it. You're busier now. I'm proud of you, I'm inspired by you, and I'm genuinely happy for your success! Our relationship will probably evolve somewhat - perhaps you'll have less time for spontaneous phone tags, crashing at your place or mine, hiking adventures over the weekend - but I just want you to know that I'm still here for you if you want a friend.



Love,



Kat



P.S. Life often has sinusoidal qualities. Ups won't always be up. Downs won't always be down. In ups, I hope you stay a solid person in your values and core. In downs, feel free to reach out to me to talk, listen, or just be. The external publications, awards, etc. only show the ups so downs often are "out of mind, out of sight."







Dear potentially "successful" future Kat, 



hopefully ditto same for everything above for yourself with some solid day 1 friends 3 







*successful defined here as societally-defined success, by whatever metrics the industry chooses!



**friends = tbh this is a range for me and I have no idea how to define this. Likely it includes people with whom I've been on friendly terms and shared same physical space for some time. We may have gone to parties together, to classes together, ideally have had some solid conversations and feeling of connection. Probably we've been there for each other through shared experiences with some sort of hardship.



Side thought: I wonder, in a world where I feel achievement saturation, does the significance of achievement diminish? How much of the achievement saturation is due to the developments of people I've been lucky to surround myself around growing up vs the overall increase in opportunities and global awareness from technology? Perhaps to even think about this means I'm coming from a place of great privilege. 


This morning on my walk to breakfast, the guy who stands by the first crosswalk en route (he washes people’s cars’ windows during red lights) told my friend (he’s Colombian and looks it) in Spanish that my backpack was open. 



Indeed it was. My MacBook, almost all my cash, and my Android phone were in plain view of any passerby. As I turned my backpack to zip up the sections, my foot came close to stepping into a hole in the sidewalk. Immediately, another man (he's always at the same corner selling candy by the piece) and a woman who happened to walk by both started yelling "Cuidado!" at me - to make sure I didn’t fall into the hole or hurt myself.



In a country where the saying "no dar papaya" (translated somewhat to: don't act in a way that gives others opportunities to take advantage of you, usually in terms of theft) is ubiquitously known among locals and foreigners alike, in a country where I'm constantly walking quickly on sidewalks and taking Ubers as soon as the sun starts to set, in a country with the second highest income inequality in Latin America (a close follow to Haiti in first), I am astounded by these consistent acts of kindness.



I believe humans want to be kind and are inherently good. I've had a few debates on this topic with friends in high school and college. I acknowledge that I've had a sheltered life growing up and still do today - but perhaps that sustained naivety could lead to a better world. People often act towards the expectations of others on them, regardless of an existing delta between their current state. Studies (both ones conducted with scientific rigor as well as ones conducted by my personal observations) show that when you treat someone as having a certain quality (e.g., kind, on-time, intelligent, etc.) in your actions and your words, then they often rise up to that expectation and strengthen those attributes. This is also a hack to better people around you through your day to day interactions - in all kinds of relationships (parenting, romantic, friend, work, etc!).



another thought: I think I'm micro-blogging! It's sustainable, fun, and reflective for me - to look back on in the future and have a richer "memory."


XD


these last weeks, i've been more with my thoughts - by living in Colombia in a studio. first time i'm living in a studio on my own! 



when my SO came to visit for a week-ish and we shared space again, i realized i was so accustomed to being in my thoughts that i'd narrate commentary in my head even during some of our interactions.



i'm thinking more, but i don't know if the quality of my thoughts are improving. that's the fun thing about being in your head - there are minimal feedback loops, just lots of spiraling thought effects. the more i think, the more i think! 

{"version":2,"isGlobalStylesUserThemeJSON":true}

And friends, I care about how I show up!


thought / thing learned about myself and realization of the expectations i hold prior to meeting people


examples:



eating a carb or oil or sugar heavy meal - in addition to the time it takes to eat the meal, i often feel lethargic and low energy for hours after partaking in substances with friends at night hangouts (alcohol, etc.) - in addition to the time of the activity, i can feel lower energy, perhaps hung over, and lower productivity in the morning following



thought / thing learned for myself: be aware and include calculation of the "after-effect" costs when choosing to partake in activities! 







consequentially, there are activities that give future time / energy in addition to the current time of the activity.



examples:



exercising in a fun way (for me: kite surfing, yoga, rock climbing, biking, jogging, tbh even feeling flow at the gym) - in addition to the time exercising, i often feel higher energy and endurance in the future = greater productivity = saves time when doing other tasks = "gives time"writing and reading - in addition to the time spent actively writing / reading, i feel like my thoughts and discussions in the future are more insightful with my written or read collateral. more insightful = more productive / higher quality conversations and thoughts = saves time = "gives time." - bit of a stretch XD


Him



He throws 2 t-shirts, 1 pair of pants, and 4 underwear - all the clean clothes in his closet - in his orange backpack, the same one that once held his college textbooks. At times, he forgets his toothbrush and will buy one where he goes. 



Me



I write my packing list days in advance on my graph paper notebook, dotted with handwritten checkboxes to give a satisfying mark when the item is packed. I rack my mind ten times over to make sure I have everything I need and nothing more to optimize space in my carry-on. My alarm to leave for the airport is named after a reminder to pack my chargers and toiletries.







Him



He's in charge of planning our Sunday bike ride along the streets of Bogota. We'll go rent bikes whenever we wake up and finish breakfast and he takes a last-minute Covid test for his flight the next day. The first bike shop is closed. The second one has only 2 folding bikes with chains that keep falling off. The third one is a 35 minute drive away - we take an Uber there to find out that the owners are out for lunch... for the next 2 hours. We walk around and he'll ask locals in Spanglish if they know of any other bike shops nearby. Finally, we find bikes! We're one step closer to partake in the Sunday ciclovía (finding the path is another adventure on it's own). 



Through it all, he's good at focusing on what really matters - spending time together.    



Me



For our date, I reference my running list of tracked ideas I've acquired through the months from friend recommendations, Instagram inspirations, and online searches. The list is neatly prioritized and triaged to be the top experiences I want to do with him - of course calibrating from his past feedback on what he's enjoyed and what he hasn't liked as much. 



Order hike-friendly food the night before to take on our trip, coordinate with the national park guide to meet us at a specific time and location, confirm car transportation with my friend, research the travel time including anticipated traffic to ensure we get in the park before 8am (we need to leave the park by 2pm according to the guide's advice), pack sunscreen and an extra water bottle in my daypack, check weather to ensure we're dressed appropriately. Post-hike, I have reservations for 2 at a spa and then a new restaurant with locally sourced ingredients and vibrant plating.  







Him



He'll probably write his the night before. 



Me



My wedding vows? I've been drafting them all my life.







Closing thoughts: Planning is a large point of differentiation between my SO and I. I've tried to paint a picture of how I can over-plan and how he can under-plan; and I truly believe there isn't a "right" or "wrong" approach. In re-reading what I've written, I feel like his approach can seem a bit more negative than mine which is not intentional. Fundamentally, I know he loves and cares for me, and I love and care for him. Perhaps a future iteration of this poem should showcase that more.


i sit staring forward, avoiding eye contact with the family who routinely sang and danced to the traditional music playing from their well-used speakers to the audience of drivers waiting for the red light to turn green.



thoughts raced through my mind when the young boy from the family made his walk from car window to car window on his way to mine. did i want to promote this? if i gave him cash, would that perpetuate a life of street performing vs "better" alternatives? do i even have cash on me? how much should i give in order to actually make a difference in their lives? i just spent 30,000+ cop on a latte and breakfast. this Didi ride costs ~12,000 cop. i'm paying to these already well-off institutions without second thought but the same amount of money would make more impact to so many individuals i walk / drive by every day.  



he approached my window with his traditional hat held out, and i sat immobile, eyes still staring straight. 



my Didi driver gives the street performer boy a 200 cop coin.







my driver's action led to new thoughts to swarm my head. 200 cop = ~5 cents in USD is absolutely nothing to me. but 200 cop, combined with the other coins that other drivers / passengers put into the boy's hat, means enough to this family standing on the street intersection performing their beautiful traditional songs and dance.



from this 2 minute interaction, i was brought face first to the importance of diversity in teams, especially teams that build products / services that serve a diverse population.



when we have teammates from different backgrounds and experiences, this leads to corresponding better design and actions to serve more people. 



two more thoughts here:



diversity is especially important in building technology (especially for consumers) because of the near limitless reach. and likewise for government? (i'm less in tune with government / policy)in a pro-bono case at McK for helping homelessness in the bay area, one of the recommendations we had was to push for more people from homelessness / housing-insecure background to join causes in research and advancement. at that time, i didn't fully realize the importance of this push. now looking back, i understand it more.



for personal tracking, day this happened: 2/20/22.


adding here for tracking and easy referencing (some accounts are no longer actively posting so posts wouldn't pop on my feed):



https://www.instagram.com/chaivignettes/



https://www.instagram.com/fcukthenorm/



https://www.instagram.com/wetheurban/



+ a few other ones I can't find right now, but will add back to this post once I do :)






https://www.languagetransfer.org/complete-spanish



This course for language learning is top! Going through the Spanish one in the next 1.5 months while I’m still in Colombia.  (Swahili is next!) 



There are 90 courses, each ~7-10 minutes. If I do at least 2 a day, then I’m on track to finish!


Then I don’t have to use up my brain’s limited “RAM” (random access memory).



Side note: tbh the types of computer memory feel fairly similar to the types of memory I think of my brain as having, to be computationally efficient. 



Further read on computer memory types here: https://www.enterprisestorageforum.com/hardware/types-of-computer-memory/ 



As humans, we supplement our memories with photos, videos, blog posts, written text, and physical items. These are like “keys” that return / trigger greater memories in our brain “dictionary.” Not 1:1, but you can read more about this function in computer science here: https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_dictionary_keys.asp


i've been writing random thoughts, things learned, creative blurbs through the years on this public / private blog. public = technically anyone can access my posts! private = in real life, only a small handful of people who know me, know about this blog.



for new visitors and old visitors alike, here is a guide v1 to navigating my blog:



On things learned:



Non "MECE" tags for tracking things learned:https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/category/things_learned/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/category/nonfiction/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/category/quotes/In some of my posts, I start the title with "TL" - this is my personal short-hand for "things learned"



On romantic relationship:



https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2021/02/16/a-structured-relationship-plan-for-the-system-loving-brain/ - not sure why my hand-drawn graphs aren't showing up on this post (will edit back sometime!)https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2022/02/11/benefits-of-a-long-distance-relationship-in-my-20s/ - also would fit under "poetry"https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2020/04/07/theres-a-song-a-poem-a-story-i-havent-written-2/ - also would fit under "poetry"



On consulting:



https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2021/12/03/the-trouble-with-prestige/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2022/02/15/optimizing-for-freedom-professional-freedom-4-5/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2021/02/11/dear-cataline/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2018/11/08/what-is-the-purpose-of-money/When I search "mck" on my wordpress writer view, I pull pages upon pages of unpublished drafts, with themes of things I learned in the moment while working in consulting and intentions of things I want to learn during my time there. Overall, I am insanely thankful for the opportunity to work at McKinsey as my first job out of college. 



On poetry and fictional pieces:



https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2021/09/02/the-less-glamorous-part-of-kenya-beyond-the-instagram-posts/ https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2020/01/13/chasing-urbana/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2021/10/30/he-pulls-the-same-routine-with-each-girl/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2018/05/27/a-conversation-overheard/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2018/02/25/urbana-again/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/?p=2305 - just the top part tbh



On letters to myself:



https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2018/04/15/dear-future-me/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2020/02/11/child-of-the-world/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2018/01/21/my-ideal-lifestyle/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2017/12/18/hey-world-im-wealthy/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2019/11/11/at-the-start-of-age-23/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2019/08/30/on-tenements-of-youth/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2022/02/09/no-regrets-moves/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2019/05/01/some-of-what-i-romanticize-when-im-old-er/+ way too many draft unposted and handwritten dear-selfs. Here's one from 2020!







Splattering of thoughts through the years under this tag: https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/category/thoughts/



On personal values:



https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2022/02/10/realization-i-chase-activities-based-on-predominant-shared-qualities-of-the-activity-participants/Not sure if / where I wrote this, but the biggest value(?) I optimize for is:FunPart of this, important factors include: health, relationships, learning, appreciation, freedom



On family:



https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2020/01/14/5-things-i-learned-from-doing-2-weeks-of-yoga-with-my-mom/https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2021/12/27/12-26-21-the-day-charlie-officially-left/Letters to my sister:https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2019/11/25/on-social-media-dear-nicole/I have an unpublished draft post about "confidence cheat sheets" - throwback to when I wrote these 1-pagers to read when I needed more confidence right before certain things I was scared to do, and wow how they helped! In my unpublished draft, I include: "Reading these sheets, you'll internalize your worth which will in turn help you act your worth which will in turn get others to treat you with the worth you act." - Kathere's another excerpt from an unpublished draft in 2019:







On my writing process:



How this blog all started: https://kathleenwritings.wordpress.com/2017/10/29/first-post/Post coming up (sometime!): on writing "privately" first, my writing process / evolution and things learned when starting out



Concluding thoughts from browsing through my past posts and drafts: 1) I currently have some categories but I don't use them well. I should probably organize this blog sooner than later - to make viewer and myself browsing easier, 2) I'd like to flush out / publish some of my drafts and private posts - currently this count is literally close to 400 drafts, 3) I'd like to more publicly publish a few pieces and edit them and add photos to them. So stay tuned? let's see if I'll do some of this by EOY 2022 :) 



P.s. here's an example of a draft poem I hadn't finished - that will be one of the poems I go back to and edit and publish this year!







Cheers,



Kat



2/28/22


source: a draft not-published post i wrote a while back titled 



"I want my name written on a bag



With black sharpie, quickly scrawled"






the best jobs aren't on the market (long)



the best talent aren't on the market (long)



so what works for both sides?



referrals, network, knowing people targeted outreach (recruiters / talent specialists / etc)


thought on, how after ~2 months of exploring coffee shops, coworking spaces, gyms / workout classes, breakfast / lunch spots, etc; that i've only recently become much more in love with the building i currently live in! Plura Coliving @ Bogota



Loves: 



11mil COP breakfast tailored to my dietary preferences (eggs, fruit, cappucinno, etc!) just downstairs - learned this ~2 weeks agogym is awesome - and i just learned that they have insane workout classes in the morning! for also a very affordable pricesuper sweet (free / included in rent) coworking spots all around - from the rooftop to the basement to the lobby area. good seating places and amazing wifi. super short commute ;)the best spa in bogota ;P. free sessions in the sauna, steam room, jacuzzi - hot and cold throughout the week. very value massage / spa sessions as well.the "noise-cancelling room" in the basement floor is amazing for pre-games / small fun parties ;)haven't reserved the rooms in the coworking space in the basement, but this is something i think i'll try to do a bit more of... and just work from there sometimes in the week!haven't used the "movie theater" room for projecting movies / shows, BUT maybe organize a movie night sometime with friends there!4th and 5th floor has BBQ / outdoor patio areas. definitely are fun places to chill!rooftop bar has amazing ambiance and views at night and during the day. great place for board game nights with friends or just to hang out and grab a drink.free fixie bikes to borrow at anytime :). insane that i don't have to buy a bike or worry about where to rent a bike for the sunday ciclovias!walking distance to awesome morning hikes (maybe do 1 more of this before i leave)salsa and really good live music events in the lobby on some nights (thursday and friday?)beautiful art throughout the building 3 makes me happyhonestly the nicest people - from the waiters to the doormen to the other residents to the doggos who live with their residents!


"I'm grateful X happened, because now I better appreciate Y.""Lesson learned.""At least...."



"I'm grateful X happened, because now I better appreciate Y."



The other morning, I was turned away from purchasing breakfast from a resort near my AirBnb in La Boquilla (a super beautiful area of Cartagena, Colombia - highly recommend!). The sun was coming up, and the corresponding heat was felt with every step I took while walking around the neighborhood in search of my first meal. Each resort I walked into either didn't offer breakfast, or didn't have breakfast for purchase for someone not living there. 



Despondent, I walked back towards my AirBnb. I decided to take a slight detour and walk on the beach, where I found local breakfast spots! I ended up having breakfast overlooking the ocean with sand beneath my feet, a wonderful breeze blowing through my hair, and local music playing in the speakers. 



My first thought when I sat down at the beach spot was: "I'm grateful that I got rejected from all those resorts and went through that scorching walk, because now I better appreciate this incredible beach breakfast."



I often don't realize how "good" I have it until I go through difficulty. Thus, I'm thankful for difficult experiences because they increase my appreciation for the world. 



"Lesson learned."



Another morning, I woke up with my stomach hurting - in that bloated uncomfortable hurt feeling. The night prior, I had mindlessly snacked on countless "japanese peanuts" (they're these delicious flour coated peanuts ). 



In my hurt, my mind defaulted to the thought: Lesson learned to not eat so much dense snacks right before bed. 



In acknowledging what lessons I can learn from negative situations empowers me, because I feel more control of these situations and preventing them in the future :).



"At least...."



I was biking with a few friends in Bogota on these free fixie bikes that our apartment building lets us check-out. The bikes weren't the best... most of our bikes didn't have two working brakes, one of our bikes' seats kept falling down, and so on. One of my friends was vocal in his countless gripes - for him, he was comparing this bike to the very high end bikes he and his family had at home in Utah. 



I chimed in, "All those points are very true. But at least we have bikes to use on this beautiful perfect-bike-weather day! And how they are free and so easy to checkout." I recounted my story of the weekend prior where my SO and I stopped by countless bike shops (and ended up finding one very far away which was a nuisance to borrow and return the bikes at) to finally find bikes for our Sunday ride (I didn't know our building had free bikes to borrow at that time!).







Call out: It's not always conducive to use these "reframing" mindsets when interacting with others - dependent on the severity degree of a situation. For example, if someone is going through something pretty bad, and I were to say "well at least X," then this shows a lack of empathy and understanding. Instead, in those situations, people often just want to be heard and sympathized with :). 


others = friends / family / colleagues / work that needs to be done / etc!


mindset shifts to: "i get to do this (and get paid for it?!)"






where does this hold true? where does this not? if the validity of the statement holds true and is a growing trend, what are the next level implications in these spaces?



thoughts in my mind :)


Through my life, I've heard, held, and sometimes released nuggets of wisdom from books, podcasts, conversations, and more. Regarding romantic relationships, here are two helpful mindsets that have served me well, and one mindset that I grew out of.



Two mindsets on relationships that have served me well:



80-20 rule for greener grassYour romantic partner doesn't need to be your everything 



Both are fairly similar:



(1) The grass isn't always greener on the other side. Say you're in a relationship with person A who has 80% of what you want and lacks a 20%. It can be easy to focus on the 20% you're missing. It can also be easy to look for that 20% elsewhere. 



Now say you find person B who has that elusive 20% that your person A doesn't have. I've seen many people leave their current relationship to chase this missing 20%. 



Person B may have the 20%, but there's no guarantee that person B would have the rest of the 60% to even get to the 80% you have with person A. 



Thus, appreciate the 80%. 



(2) Correspondingly, it's absolutely okay to not get 100% from your romantic partner. Coming to this realization was at first bittersweet and then truly liberating. It seems like every Disney movie / blockbuster RomCom we grew up with paints the picture of a 100% perfect "Prince Charming" for the protagonist. 



Again, I have many friends who've left their relationships because they couldn't get 100% of what they wanted from one person... Think of that! 100% of everything you could want from one singular person! 



There was always something missing that they deemed to be more important than everything they already had. 



Alternatively, a more healthy and sustainable* approach is to identify and love what you can get from your partner (acknowledging and appreciating that perhaps you can't get some of this from others) and then fill your other needs from others (family, friends!). 



For instance, my SO gives me so much that I don't get from others in my life. (Examples here: extremely intimate sense of security, trust, support, physical connection, etc.) However, there are certain things that I want in my life that he doesn't 100% fit the bill for - and that's totally ok! (Examples here: certain deeper / philosophical conversations about various aspects of life, motivation driven by positive impact to the world, maximizing fulfilling experiences and optimizing for certain adventures.) Instead of fitting me 100%, he's pursuing his own things and I love him more for that. 



* people are dynamic- we all change as a function of time. This makes life more interesting, but also makes it unsustainable to get everything you want from one person all the time



One mindset on relationships that has not served me as well:



Everyone looks the same at age 60



In high school, my friend's mom told me and the rest of the 14 year old girls attending my friend's birthday party that "Everyone looks the same at age 60, and so don't pick your romantic partner based on looks."



My friend's parents did look "successful" in multiple ways - they seemed loving to each other enough, they were very financially well off, their kids (including my friend) were academically top of their class and top of the state in their chosen sports. 



So I took this advice to heart. 



Freshman year of college, I got into a relationship with someone I didn't find physically attractive (nor would I think stereotypical society would find physically attractive). I was attracted to his ambition and how he seemed different with an untouchable quality that my past amours (who did look more stereotypically physically attractive) had lacked. I rationalized dating this guy with the advice I was given a few years back: Everyone looks the same at age 60. 



This led to an unhealthy relationship for various reasons (some due to this mindset, but also many more due to other factors that stemmed from dating a pathological liar 😅). 



Once I left the relationship, I realized the following:



Not everyone looks the same at age 60 (this Instagram post illustrates my point: https://www.instagram.com/p/CamuUF2FE-9/?utm_medium=copy_link). There are some really fit, healthy, happy people at 60, and on the other hand, there are many people who become the opposite of that at 60. Even if everyone did look the same at age 60, life is long! There's so much of life to live and enjoy instead of to just "bear" because "it doesn't matter in the end."Physical appearance is important to me because it represents self-care and values. I believe that most people can be physically attractive by just eating healthy and exercising. My ex did not do either, and his lifestyle ended up impacting my own (e.g., it's easier to eat a cookie if he opens a pack of cookie dough every other day, it's harder to train for your marathon when he doesn't support you waking up early to run since he personally didn't prioritize exercise). 











Feel free to try on these mindsets for your own life! Use advice that serve you, drop the advice that don't :).


from good things / aspects of people / etc.: 



what we want more of



from bad things / aspects of people / etc.: 



what we want to avoid


Mornings are absolutely key: I need to feel like I've accomplished something - whether it's writing a blog post or going for a walk with my thoughts. I just need about an hour or so of this to feel great for the rest of the day. The rest of the day, I no longer feel pressure of wanting to do something meaningful for myself and thus can focus on giving my energy to other causes.During the work day: I like my job! Going through the motions, I feel good when I get deep work in, and I feel accomplished when I progress with deliverables / projects at work. If I'm exhausted from work, I like to take a step back and reflect on how I get to learn all the things I'm spending my time on.In the early evenings (~1-1.5 hr break from work): I like to get a workout in! There's a gym in the basement of my apartment so it's super easy to go work out, shower, eat something healthy, and then feel refreshed for the rest of my day.In the later evenings: The standard activities I pursue are (listed in relative order of frequency): i) self-care (cleaning my room / dishes, listening to a podcast or music, writing more, putting on a face mask, lighting a candle, watching a movie / show, reading a book, phone / video call with a friend, etc.), ii) working more (either if I started my day later / wasn't productive enough during the day, or if there's just a lot to do at work and upcoming high-ish stakes deliverables due), ii) hanging with friends (group dinner, group sauna session, Catan / board games night, ping-pong, and sometimes coworking with friends which overlaps with ii)).Also throughout the day, eating healthy food that gives me energy at appropriate time! And drinking enough water. 


Younger Kathleen is proud of current day Kat.



I saw myself in the mirror. I saw my past self, my current self, my future self. 



In further reflection (post-trip): I've written letters to my future self for years. I've always been dreaming and preparing for who I want to become.



My high school (and younger) self was the idealistic type that comes with a suburban youth vying for more in the world.



In letters to my future self and in pondering midnight conversations with close friends, I wondered if my future self would become a "sell-out" or if my future self would make decisions that my-then-current self would be proud of.



3/5/22, as I stared into my bathroom mirror, I realized that younger Kathleen is proud of current day Kat. 



 


answer: nicotine does something in a brain pathway to reduces appetite  https://www.npr.org/2011/06/09/137085989/the-skinny-on-smoking-why-nicotine-curbs-appetite 



but no conclusive research on the same for caffeine: https://coffeeaffection.com/does-coffee-suppress-your-appetite/


Up until a few years ago, I thought of "trauma" as a word with absolutely horrible meaning. It was something that the very unfortunate people of our world had gone through. 



Then relatively recently, it clicked. I am carrying trauma from my current romantic relationship of my dreams.



Here's a non-scientific, just-from-my-musings+a-bit-of-internet-research exploration on the topic of trauma from my romantic relationship experience.



How it happens:



Going through a negative (other adjectives could include: stressful, frightening, distressing) singular event or multiple events that create a lasting emotional impact on the individual



An example from my romantic relationship: 



In the first few years of dating, my SO had a habit of ruthlessly prioritizing his own goals over our relationship. As his SO, it became exhausting to accommodate and support his often changing personal goals that he valued over us (and also myself not seeing concrete results in many of these personal goals, thus not concretely feeling that the sacrifices were all "worth it"). For a few months during college, he'd be strict on his sleep schedule - waking up at 6am everyday to work out. Another few months, he'd be strict on needing to be in his room for most of the day to practice guitar - when he had ambitions to be a guitarist. After college, he went through a real estate + ruthlessly saving money phase where he needed to spend most weekends (and weekday evenings) in his company's office where he could work on real estate stuff and eat his office's free snacks as meals. 



Through this recurring pattern, I grew in my feeling that my SO did not prioritize us as much as I prioritized us. 



For context, my SO and I met when we were both 19 in college (we're now 25). Our early 20s are a period of great change and personal discovery. I think this naturally created a lot of growing pains and corresponding trauma. 



Also I want to call out here that I'm sharing an example of a personal trauma experience from the relationship. I know that my SO has his own, different experiences from my actions as well.



How I identify it:



For me, this is when I notice I'm reacting much more strongly than how someone would "normally" react to a situation. 



Continuing in the personal example listed above:



A few weeks ago, I was discussing with my SO about where we'll live in 2022. When I suggested SF (where he currently is), he made an offhand comment of, "I have a schedule here where I wake up at 5am." When I suggested Austin (where his team is usually based), he mentioned his strong preferences (e.g., walking distance to a WeWork, not really caring about how nice our place is since he didn't think he'd spend much time there, etc.). After our discussions on location, I remember feeling frustrated, stressed, and overall in a worse mood - all these feelings to a magnitude greater than other stressful experiences in my day to day life. 



From these reactive feelings, I identified that my SO responses were triggers to memories in our past where he relentless prioritized his own goals over our relationship - and the corresponding negative feelings I experienced then. Even though my SO and I have both moved forward from those past events (and my SO's responses on the location discussion didn't actually imply the same pattern from before), my immediate assumption goes there - perhaps expecting the worse to protect myself from the hurt.



 As I started to recognize trauma, I became more in tune with my emotional and physical feelings. I noticed my overreaction to seemingly "normal" events because they were actually triggers for me showed up in a few ways (below listed in order of how easily I identify those overreactions): 



My words and actions: Because I'm feeling stressed, I'll be more likely to react with my words and actions in a hurtful manner (e.g., withdrawing / not engaging, being more short and less kind / patient, etc.)My emotional and mental state:Usually after those actions come out, I'll look at myself with curiosity: "Why did I react like that?"The answer to that question then helps me identify that I may be stressed / anxious / or some other negative feeling from the trauma.My physical state: When I continue being introspective and curious about my state, I'll often identify that my body also carries physical reactions. My shoulders may feel heavy. Parts of my body may feel contracted and tense. My breathing may be shorter. 



How I heal from it: 



IdentifyCommunicateSee actionsMental reframing 



By first being curious about my overreactions to events, I can identify triggers and then trace those triggers to past traumatic experiences. The first step for my healing is identifying the trauma and understanding the causes of it.



My next step is to communicate this to my SO. He is more empathetic to my overreactions once he understand where it comes from. Correspondingly, because he cares about me, he is often also more cognizant of what could be triggers and tries to avoid causing them when he can. Win-win for both of us!



The next crucial step in my long-term healing process is actually out of my control: it's having my SO show up in his actions deviating from previous trauma events. This evolves to a partnership healing journey: as he increases his frequency of showing up for me in his actions, it becomes easier for me to be more patient and have less triggers.



Lastly, I've found that deliberate mental reframing is helpful for my healing. I need to tell myself a new story around my SO's intentions and actions. It becomes less "risky" and thus easier to tell myself the new story when I've seen his new actions that have deviated from the past trauma patterns. 



Concluding thoughts:



From my cursory internet research on trauma, it does seem that the top Google results describe trauma similarly to my initial view on it (lasting effects from objectively really terrible events like rape, violence, abuse, natural disasters, etc.). 



Perhaps the purpose of this post is to argue that less severe / seemingly-normal events can cause trauma as well, and there is validity in identifying and healing from these too. + offer a personal perspective on how my healing journey has been and share a potential alternative path to traditional treatments like therapy, medications, etc.



Please note, if you are facing more severe trauma and / or would like further resources on healing from trauma, this source seems really good: https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/types-of-mental-health-problems/trauma/about-trauma/ 



Signing off with love,



Kat


On a wall of 20 quotes, this is the one that drew me in immediately.



my chosen quote from a closing event at f*ck the small talk



In reflection, many of the fundamentally-shaping decisions I've made in my life were not accepted (instead, perceived as "absolutely ridiculous") by my peers at the time. I grew up mostly in city suburbs (Mississauga - suburb of Toronto; Clarendon Hills - suburb of Chicago) where conformity was king and risk-aversion was high. Friends thought I was out of my mind when I biked to / from hang outs crossing highways when they offered a car ride. I was looked at strangely when I held conversations with homeless people on the streets when we did a city trip. In college, my friends begged me not to throw away my life when I told them I decided to drop out of school to build technology projects in Europe and Africa. They gave me another intervention when I returned to school after my gap semester and declared that I was switching majors to Systems Engineering from Electrical Engineering. When I stayed on campus to scale my startup, my friends (my prior teammates) left to their well-paying large tech company internships - wishing the best for me and resigning their efforts to change my mind. My roommates continued to extend going-out invites to me throughout the week even though they knew I'd decline each time like the numerous times prior. 



Looking back, each decision seems so obvious it was the right choice to make for my long term happiness. Yet in the moment, I was going through internal turmoil - deciding between pursuing an unknown route that I had only a faint inkling of where it may lead vs. continuing a path that everyone around me seemed so happy to take. 



Where everyone zigged, I chose to zag, and this made all the difference. In the last half of college, I was intensely focused on my startup. After about a year or so, we finally caught some traction - which led to onboarding new users, winning awards and traveling for international + national conferences, and most importantly, increasing our real world impact on our mission to Save Food and Do Good.



By the time I left college, I was admitted to a social entrepreneurship fellowship in Colorado called Watson. After, I started a career at a top consulting firm called McKinsey. Then a secondment at One Acre Fund designing, building, and scaling last mile logistics for farmers across Kenya. Now a Chief of Staff team role at a startup I'm really enjoying. In reflection, by making the seemingly difficult and "absolutely ridiculous" decisions in high school and college, I've been able to pursue opportunities more suited to me than the standard paths most of my peers ended up taking. And as I continue in my previously-thought-of-as-non-traditional-path, I meet more and more similar people that inspire me and make me feel happy for choosing decisions that are true to me. The start was difficult, but the pay off is huge: I get to live a life that makes me happy with a community of like-minded friends who've done the same.



In our one brief life, the risk to not pursue what feels true to ourselves seems higher than the risk of taking the jump. (Spoken through a place of recognized privilege to take these risks.)



s/o to Marilyn Monroe!



i'm going to write a few posts related to my recent experience at f*ck the small talk. this is the first one.


Pyramid of Conversationalists. cerca Kat's brain in March 2022.



Sorting people I have conversations with to three levels, they'd be:



Base level - doesn't actually listenIntermediary level - listens to replyExpert level - listens to understand



There is a direct relationship between how much I enjoy conversing with people and the higher the level they're at! Correspondingly, there is also a direct relationship with how close I am with the individual and the conversationalist level they're at :)


https://sive.rs/d1p 



(How to like people)



adding here for personal tracking :)


when you don't want to do one thing, you can be productive with a different thing :)


reading books takes so many hours of my life. often, i feel like i take a lot from them for the next ~2-4 weeks or so afterwards. but then, often i mostly forget about them near-completely (except a very select few that stand out in my mind). 



thus, perhaps the marginal expense of taking the time + effort to write reflections post (and maybe during too?) reading the book would create a worthwhile additional benefit from that book.



thought came about after I was asked about some of my fav books this year, and one book in particular came to mind but I couldn't articulate well what the book was about or why I really liked it - because it lapsed the ~2-4 week period from when I finished it! 


more likely to take on opportunities



more likely to be hard working (still have something to prove)



(vs an established leader who's held the lead for a long time)


(My example right now is writing :))


Along the streets of cities in Colombia, I often see Venezuelan migrants asking for money to take care of themselves and their families. 



More context from the UN Refugee Agency on the current Venezuela that has been going on for almost 10 years now:



Ongoing political, human rights and socio-economic developments in Venezuela compel growing numbers of children, women and men to leave for neighbouring countries and beyond. People continue to leave Venezuela to escapeviolence, insecurity and threats as well as lack of food, medicine and essential services. This has become one of the largest displacement crisis in the world.



When I hear migrant stories, I learn of doctors, lawyers, leaders in respected careers become taxi drivers, manual workers, jobless. I learn of families separated. I learn of beautiful human beings who are not treated as such - who become statistics and "societal burdens" without access to opportunity for fulfilling their potential for the world. And I know, there are millions of stories untold.



All because of the macro circumstances created by decisions of a very select few in the country they were born in - not by choices of their own. 



With large Venezuelan migration to Colombia, xenophobia and racism towards the migrants represent a standing ideology of some Colombians (similar pattern to what I've seen when I was living in France and the US - and I'm sure exists in so many other countries). 



Here's a quick blurb from NPR to give more color on this:



The message that Venezuelan migrants are no longer welcome comes from average Colombian citizens and powerful government officials alike. Last week, for example, Colombian PresidentIván Duqueannounced that undocumented Venezuelan migrants would not receive vaccinations for the coronavirus despite concerns from refugee agencies that this policy could lead to more infections.







La Gran Colombia



Dear love, be kind to your veciSoften that shell, look into his eyes: You are not that different. 







Do you remember la Gran Colombia - your pride and for some, your hope for a renewed futureThe bloody few draw and redraw border lines with crayonsForgetting Mother connected everything on this blue ball upon creation







My love, you need the other20th century - La Violencia después de Gaitan - he reluctantly opened his arms to shelter you from the bullets21st century, you took on a new name venecos and the disgust that accompanied it, when you sought employment and security outside a government that offered none 







Child, you sit in your play throne.Enough with the stubbornness, the proudness, the feigned ignoranceYou can break the chain.







What has been yours, has not always been yours. The world changes quickly - as a function of minutes, hours, days, decades - it's all just time.So please, be kind.







Same version below, but with asterisks and explanations



Dear love, be kind to your veci*Soften that shell, look into his eyes: You are not that different. 







Do you remember la Gran Colombia - your pride** and for some, your hope for a renewed futureThe bloody few draw and redraw border lines with crayonsForgetting Mother connected everything on this blue ball upon creation







My love, you need the other20th century - La Violencia*** después de Gaitan - he reluctantly opened his arms to shelter you from the bullets21st century****, you took on a new name venecos***** and the disgust that accompanied it, when you sought employment and security outside a government that offered none 







Child, you sit in your play throne.Enough with the stubbornness, the proudness, the feigned ignoranceYou can break the chain.







What has been yours, has not always been yours. The world changes quickly - as a function of minutes, hours, days, decades - it's all just time.So please, be kind.



*veci = short-hand for "neighbor" in Spanish. Used in Colombia to also refer to friends / people you interact with. Used here also because Venezuela is a neighbor to Colombia.



**This Colombia (La Gran Colombia) was the most prestigious country inSpanish America.John Quincy Adams, thenSecretary of Stateand futurepresident of the United States, claimed it to be one of the most powerful nations on the planet. It included present-day Colombia, Venezuela, and other LATAM countries like mainland Ecuador, Panama, parts of northern Peru and northwestern Brazil.



***La Violencia was a ten-year civil war in Colombia from 1948 to 1958 that is estimated to have cost the lives of at least 200,000 people. The conflict caused millions of people to abandon their homes and property.



****Research from here, snipped copied below:



"We get a personal view of migrants motives from interviews conducted by officials ofthe Immigration Service, between 2011 and 2014. Colombians declared that they moved to Venezuela hoping for a better quality of life, economic facilities from the exchange system (subsidized exchange rates for remittances) to help the family back home, public housing and free education for their children. They could not get those benefits under the current policies of the Colombian government. They did not earn enough salary to buy a house, and the state does not finance them, along with the usual problems of the guerrillas and paramilitarism (insecurity) that force them to leave their homes."



*****Derogative racial slur currently used by Colombians to refer to Venezuelan migrants. Ironically, this word was created by Venezuelans for the same purpose towards the Colombian migrants. Source: Venezuelan tour guide from Medellin.


"I have just three things to teach:simplicity, patience, compassion.These three are your greatest treasures.Simple in actions and in thoughts,you return to the source of being.Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world."



Source: http://thetaoteching.com/taoteching67.html


What I believe, from personal experience: 



In-person as the steady state isn't ideal (perks of remote work here; overall I feel increased life fulfillment and autonomy, especially after building trust with my teams that I'll get the work done and be available when needed - incl putting in extra hours for critical deliverables)Hybrid as the steady state isn't ideal (agree with most points why here)Strictly remote work as the steady state isn't ideal (drawback = less connection to teammates outside of work)



Thus my take on what is ideal: Remote-First with Off-sites



Remote-first culture:Predominant steady state is remote. Perks for employees and employers (incl: not needing to pay expensive office costs) abound.Quarterly off-sites:Few days each quarter for teammates to meet, co-work, hang-out and get to know each other outside of work, and have fun with new experiences! 



How and why companies should adopt this for their employees:



How:Account for corresponding costs in financial budget (e.g., remote work costs like work equipment; offsite costs - travel, place to host, activities)Lead by example (leaders to champion this and to do it as well)If the company is rather large: have someone responsible for community or remote experience or whatnot who is accountable for employee experience and organizing the off-sites. If the company is smaller: have a budget for off-sites per team, create a task-force or rotate someone from the team to plan each off-site.Why:Biggest reason is for employee happiness and satisfaction at work. Studies probably show statistics on a direct relationship between how happy / satisfied / connected employees feel at work with how that impacts employee retention, productivity, quality of work - both on an individual and aggregate level (network effect of happier employees = more happier employees; less happier employees = more less happier employees).Cost-wise, this could be justified as X% savings from having an office



Call-out of where I am in my life, and where I think the Remote-First with Off-sites model doesn't work:



Where I am in my life:I had ~2 years of structured, intense IRL professional job training after college prior to going remote due to Covid. For new joiners: I think it's a lot harder for new joiners to ramp up quickly and as effectively build some professional skills in a mostly remote model. If a new joiner is optimizing for learning (imo they should be ;P), here are some ideas to do so: 1) Join a default-in-person company with managers and teammates who are good mentors, 2) Perhaps in the remote-first (or even hybrid) model, the new joiner and the manager / teammate could spend a few months in the same place and cowork physically? + the manager should do more check-ins and teaching moments. + maybe look for more structured learning opps even outside of work? - perhaps "being an effective manager in a remote-first world" could be an interesting separate blog post for me to think more on and publish!



Signing out,



Kat


In order of easiest to hardest to say during relevant times of stress 



1. I’m hungry / getting hangry*.



2. I’m tired / exhausted / spent*.



3. I’m sorry, and I care about you and love you. 



(*Read: I have understandably human needs that are not met as the main contributor to this tension, it’s not personal, and I wouldn’t think of the situation as the same magnitude if my basic human needs were met.)


The day prior and that morning, I didn't have clarity to answer that question. Among the bajillion unread slack messages and emails (i was on PTO last week) and the numerous flying priorities, I realized I was feeling slightly overwhelmed.



When my SO asked "what are you planning to get done today?", it prompted in-the-moment thinking and dialog that helped create greater clarity and focus for my entire day. I listed the three most important things I wanted to get done (and the corresponding deadlines I was working backwards from for this week) and acknowledged a few smaller tasks I needed to do to unblock others and push projects forward.



When I turned the question back to him, I'd like to think it helped him in a similar manner.



If you have autonomy at work to prioritize your own time on a daily basis, I recommend giving this a try:



Ask this question with someone in the morning in a casual manner (over breakfast, while walking / commuting to work, etc.).If you don't have someone to converse with, ask this to yourself out loud! There's a feeling of relief and accountability just in speaking the answer out loud. Afterwards, write it down.



Side note, if you have a bajillion things going on, answer the question with the top ~3 things you need to do to make your day successful. Prioritization and focus are important :)



Cheers and onwards to completing those 3 things!



 


i think life is richer when we have both:



time to have experiencestime to sit with ourselves in reflection


:)


batch processes = minimize context switching costs



i've learned recently that minimizing context switching leads to deeper work = greater productivity = more optimal energy levels and feeling of personal fulfillment 






When a coworker asked me my favorite parts of my months in Colombia:



My answer: Hanging out with my mom and sister. Best memories are belly-aching laughter over the dumbest "jokes." Immediate comfort and trust with the people I'm closest with and who know me best. 



Probably my answer if younger Kat was responding: Kitesurfing every other weekend at the most beautiful places. Horseback riding in Tayrona national park - cantering and galloping! Biking among the endless greenery of the mountainous Minca.



2. When a friend asked me what I was looking forward to this next week:



My answer: For our book project: picking up more interviews! I am so intellectually tickled with these discussions and learnings. For my daily life: my bike commute to and from the Wework office.



Probably my answer if younger Kat was responding: Skiing in Tahoe 



3. When a friend asked what I'm looking forward to now that I'm back in SF:



My answer: Waking up every morning and going to bed every night with Jordan - my SO. There's nothing like the happiness of starting each day together and the warmth of ending the night together.



Probably my answer if younger Kat was responding: Redwoods cabin weekend trip. Beach bonfires and friend gatherings. Hikes overlooking the sweeping waters. 



+ I've noticed that I really know what makes me happy nowadays and spend my time doing that :). My weekends are spent in beautiful nature-y spots with people who fill me with adventure, understanding, and laughter. I much less frequently (~1x/ 3 months) go out to bars or clubs, or drink when I socialize, because I generally get lower long term enjoyment from this.  



small self reflection of Kat at 25.


I don't have to worry about what others think of my written thoughts I get to partake in an indulgent exercise for myself - benefits: greater clarity of thought, time for reflection, documentation for myself in the futureI don't have to follow "rules" - for example, I don't have to implement feedback (though I genuinely appreciate it!!), I don't have to post on a specified routine schedule, I don't have to write on specific topics / have specific views.



I think I'll continue writing in private (publishing not-so-structured thoughts on this unstructured blog at random intervals) for a long time. Maybe longer term if I find themes across my private blog that I'm interested in associating with my personal "public brand" - and that my awesome private readers find interesting as well, I'll write and publish in a more structured way to grow an audience!



In the meantime, continuing to sporadically thought dump here :)







An analogous to writing in private (/ smaller audience) - is how standup comedians perform in smaller venues to test their jokes and delivery before performing at larger more public ones. 



Update 4/19: another analogy to this that I’ve read from book “Out-Innovate” is “tester markets” and “must-win markets”


Being back in the Silicon Valley / US, I constantly see millions of dollars being raised for ideas that seem so marginal in fundamental impact (many are friends' startups and I won't say their ideas here as examples, because I do understand there is still a valid marketplace for them and the founders and team members are really great people).



Millions of dollars are raised at insane valuations pre-product. 



Money is plentiful, spending is plentiful.



But the impact in my eyes is relatively limited.



Vs. innovation in emerging markets. I feel like this is more exciting and actually impactful to so many more humans on this planet in more fundamental ways. 



But those emerging market startups are working for years longer with much less cash injections that are also harder won.



That disconnect frustrates me about the world.



rant over :)



Kat 



p.s. these are all completely my personal views!



p.s.s. me - will try to spend more of my 20s maximizing the impact graph (i'm obsessed with the impact / effort ratio)


Here’s a metric I use to gauge how intellectually tickled (and somewhat fulfilled) I may have found the conversation:



* if I found a topic / thought I’m itching to write on this blog!


quote from an awesome book i'm currently reading: Out-Innovate


more wisdom drops from Out-innovate!


- quote from the marines


thought process:



since college, i've time-boxed many sections of my life:summer internships - 3 months in NYC, Seattle, SFsocial entrepreneurship fellowship - 3 months in BoulderMcKinsey - 2 years in a fascinating global lifestylesecondment - 6 months in Kenyawhen i time-box my life (location, program, or career being the main proxy), I notice that my life was incredibly full. My weekends and many weekdays after work were fully packed with adventure - visiting new exhibits or nature spots, planning experiences with friends, saying yes to new things that lead to more new things, working hard and playing hard.however, i hadn't previously thought of time-boxing relationships in lifeand recently, it hit me: all the relationships in our lives are already time-boxed without our saywith our families: how many times will we spend with our family - the people often closest to us; know us most deeply; trust, care, and love us unconditionally - in our lives? this is morbid to think of, but if we were to spend in-person time with our parents 1-2x/year, and if they live to 90 or so, there's a chance we may have less than 50 of those in-person times left with them.with my SO: recently we've been spending nearly 24/7 together (perks of working together and living together physically). we haven't gotten sick of each other yet. when i came to the perspective that our togetherness is time-boxed, i realized i need to make the most of this precious time together - meaning for me: 1) i want to minimize time spent being upset about things that don’t really matter. for the things that do matter, i’ll spend time communicating and working on myself to improve the overall quality of our time together.2) i don’t want to fall into certain habits of comfort (analogous somewhat to taking someone for granted) we had when we were physically together in the past.3) with one and two, consequently I feel more intense and more frequent emotions of love, happiness, and gratitude. because this period of our lives is not forever. i'll move to an emerging market to chase dreams of building impact. we'll have jobs and life roles where we aren't always spending this much intimate time together. our lives will ebb and flow and we’ll enjoy the journey through all its phases. with our friends: my SO mentioned something about potentially only having 30 times to hang out with some of the good friends in our lives who are not in the same physical location. extrapolated, each of us being alive is incredibly brief. everything has always been time-boxed. when the time-box duration is less certain, it's easy to settle, take things for granted, love and live less fully. 



we're here on earth so briefly. people tend to die with more money than time. say yes to invites from the people you love, the people that make you smile. make plans with people from that same group. and make sure they know you love them.



life goes by quickly. let's keep trying to be the best person we can be for those around us!







side note: my SO and I are planning on living a few months in various places in 2022. part of our rationale: we'll make the most of our lives through this method. we won't wait weeks to hang out with our friends in the area. we won't pass on those weekend trips.



side note: there's a book called On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous. haven't read it, but on my reading list! mentioning because the title feels relevant :). also this feeling of limited time is also beautifully showcased in netflix movie Tick Tick Boom (I have seen this one - and highly recommend it!).



another side note: i now have a tattoo! by an incredibly talented artist in bogota. i think about it when i think about thoughts along this vein. not sure how to put the feeling in words. the tattoo is of a kite! it moves with my body. it's dynamic, as are the meanings i associate with it. such as: rising above - with a new perspective - to see what's really important, freedom, creativity, life is short!, beauty, childlike wonder, playfulness, curiosity, bravery, expression.



peace and love,



kat



last side note! i've mostly stopped eating meat again (~3 weeks in) - and this makes me feel visibly better on a daily basis. somehow even better than how i've felt in the past when i stopped eating meat. my body feels like there's more light throughout it. when i floss, my teeth feel more clean. i think i've started to grow a dislike for the texture (or just the idea?) of chewing meat.


remember that ;) 


And sometimes the result of these conversations inspires a blog post. Below is one of the sort - related to marriage, choice, and kids.



On marriage:



On Jan 28th, 2018, I was questioning what marriage means to me.



Fast forward 4+ years, I've come to a more solidified personal perspective:



I don't want my life to change much before and after getting married. Emotionally, I've felt a deep and secure commitment with my partner since a few years after we started dating, and I think that feeling is shared. I have a choice* every day to love him, to be with him. He has the same. We don't need a signed paper to ensure that we'll choose each other each day, instead we have our actions in how we show up for each other. 



We don't need a public wedding to profess our love to each other, we have our actions and words in the day to day. A new life event such as marriage may not substantially increase feelings of closeness, trust, love, happiness in the long run (similar concept as the hedonic treadmill).  



I'll likely follow the same time cadence as many traditional marriages - that I'll get married before I have kids** (late 20s or so) to add a sense of stability and security in raising a family. There's nothing wrong with the institution of marriage. I'm not necessarily afraid of commitment or logistical mental overhead (all the life things needed to do with marriage like paperwork and organizing a wedding). I don't have reasons for marriage that others may, such as: 1) being religious / other external societal pressure, 2) needing a green card / logistical requirement to stay in a country, 3) wanting to save money on taxes etc.



Finally, my perspective on marriage is personal. I have control in how I feel about it and how I act accordingly to it. That's cool!



Note: I went to my first wedding last year! It was incredibly beautiful; and I am in wonder and awe of the traditions behind marriage in various religions / cultures. I thought that attending my first wedding would make me want to get married sooner - but that didn't happen. Attending my first wedding did form my view on weddings: that it's a beautiful celebration and get together with the people in our lives that we love. 







*On choice:



Early in my current romantic relationship, my SO and I agreed on the following:



If we "needed" to break up, we'd be happy for each other. Our logical thought process behind this:



if we were to break up with each other - we felt like we were the right enough (on basis of holding similar values) people for each other, just at the wrong time.if we were to be broken up, we'd support each other to date other people. the why: because we love each other, we want the best for each otherin dating other people, there'd be two outcomes (both having the result of "being the best for each other")if the new person for our SO was a better fit than ourselves: then this results in the best for our partner who we love and want the best for.if the new person for our SO was not a better fit than ourselves: then likely we'd get back together later on with more appreciation and certainty of our relationship.



A call-out: we have broken up briefly in the past, but never followed through on dating other people - thus the second point above has just been theoretical! It'd be a lot harder in practice than in writing.



The above are if-statements that we have constant choices for (to stay together or to break up, if broken up to date others or not, if dating others to get back together or not, etc.). Because we want to stay together and know that the other also has a choice, then we make conscious (though by now these feel more habitual and less deliberate) decisions to prioritize the relationship, be there for each other, and be the best versions of ourselves.



Perhaps fundamentally at the end of my ramblings, acknowledging that we have a choice on how our relationship is (combined with the shared desire for wanting the best for each other), enables a higher quality in our interactions, greater mutual appreciation and communication, and less taking each other for granted.







**On kids:



I make larger life decisions based on "optimization" and "maximization." For example, I chose studying engineering in college (vs a strong contender of business) because I believed it's easier to do engineering in undergrad and then a MBA / business degree in graduate school then the other way around. I chose consulting after college (vs the 2nd contender of a PM role at tech companies) because I felt it's easier to do consulting first and then a PM role after (if I wanted to), vs the other way around (again assuming if I wanted to). And so on.



This mindset applies for my timeline to have kids as well. I'd like to have kids in my late-20s.



Why not earlier?



There are things that I want to do and achieve in my next few years that would be easier to do without kids (e.g., living in different countries, entrepreneurship, deepening and developing awesome friendships, etc.). Plus having kids is an irreversible decision - once you have kids, you don't have a choice to go back :P.



Why not later?



I still have some solid years before my late 20s. Life is long but also short. Having a time box in my mind for life "pre-kids" helps me optimize my life till then. Furthermore, I agree that "things take up the amount of time allocated for it" (from Google, the more correctly worded Parkinson's law is the adage that “work expands so as to fill the time which is available for its completion”, which signifies that the more time people dedicate in advance to a certain task, the longer it will take to complete it, even if it could have been completed in less time). I've already measured out the life goals I want to start on prior to kids... If I push out my timeline to having kids, then I hypothesize that I'd achieve similar outcomes just over a longer timeline due to less urgency. Plus, I really want kids in my life - and I want to be a relatively young and energetic mom who inspires my next generation through being a living example (e.g., for my kids to see me on my journey in chasing my dreams so they will be more directly inspired to do so for their own dreams!). 


















small thing - was really nice of him!!


Past



In my romantic relationship, my emotional reaction in fights sucked. I'd get overwhelmed with a story that would spiral in my mind and throughout my body. Years later, I realized my body had similar feelings of "flight or fight" responses - I'd get tense, breathe shallowly, and not be able to think of anything beyond the narrative I held in my mind. 



Correspondingly, I'd react emotionally. I'd fight in a way that was not effective to both parties. I caused unnecessary hurt to the person who loved me.



Recent tactical changes that has lead to more effective fighting



Skip the superlatives - in an emotional state, I would often accuse J of "never" doing this or "always" doing that. Superlatives aren't true. Because of that, my argument becomes less valid and less helpful for everyone.Don't bring every minor irk up. There are small things throughout life that he may do that are minorly bothersome, but are overall totally okay. In moments I spiral, I would often bring everything up (incl all these minor irks) and bring them as evidence into my overall negative story. These weren't helpful for either side. J would feel like he's failing in all these things - the quantity feeling insurmountable. For me, I wouldn't effectively communicate what's really bothering me, because the actually important things would get diluted by all these small irks. Instead, I've learned what is helpful is focusing on what's really important to me and the root of my upset feelings, and focusing on communicating that more concisely. Do share how I'm feeling and why I think I'm feeling this way. It's easier to communicate than to mind read. Phrases like, "I'm feeling upset because X happened" or "I think I'm more irritable right now to things that I wouldn't usually care as much about, because I'm feeling exhausted." This humanizes the situation, helps J to better take care of me, and for myself to be aware of the truth which stops some spiraling.



Here are some helpful things I do to make the above tactical changes easier to implement and to prevent spiraling (a term I'm using synonymous to the flight and fight mental and physical state):



Breathe deeply. Slow things down.Take a walk with myself. Be more aware of how I feel. If I feel myself start to spiral , then I try to ground myself on truths like: "I'm breathing", "Jordan loves me", "I love Jordan." Defect thoughts. Think about something else that could be more productive. Think about the lower half of my body - like my feet and my legs. - this is a tactic I learned from a therapist, and I think it does really help with grounding!Write things down. Helps process and structure my thoughts and figure out what's really important vs what's not as important. Helps me think more on what my truths are.



Cheers to maintaining the highs and having less lows.



Kat



Post script: Another learning I had this year was that people fight and express emotions differently. I didn't realize when J was going through emotions like frustration, upset, etc. because he didn't expressed them the same way I did. I'm now more in tune with how he expresses these emotions in the subtle ways. Seeing and understanding how individuals express emotions is powerful for me because I'm able to better react accordingly (e.g., being more patient, taking care of the other, backing off more). 


balanced between people and self



on people - what are the kinds of people i want to spend time with? why? what do i want to be doing with them? 


Quote from a friend who got it from a friend who got it from a life coach



Been thinking lately of focus and hermit mode. For ~2 weeks, I felt like I didn't progress much in my own interests, projects, hobbies, whatnot. Instead, I was hanging out with friends - grabbing food, walking around, attending events. Nothing wrong with that - I just felt like I was doing those too much, at the expense of my personal progress and fulfillment. Thus, I'm going to try happiness from hermit mode this week.



"People will always be there, your dreams will not."



This quote created a feeling of comfort in justifying hermit mode. I believe it to be true. There are so many things going on all the time in large cities like San Francisco where I have historic ties with seemingly so many different friend groups. 



Speaking of which, I've been thinking of how to optimize of this limited time I'm spending living in the magic bubble of San Francisco.



Here's my initial thinking:



Meeting new people here IRL - there is a high density of interesting, diverse, relatively similar-aged people everywhere! I'll try to meet at least 1 new person each week. Whether striking a conversation with someone new at WeWork, my climbing gym, or attending a social gathering where there are friends I don't knowFinding and reaching out to people with emerging markets expertise or interests that are based here (entrepreneurs, investors, college professors, etc.)



It's time to be more deliberate on how I spend my time. I think this will take me places to meet new people with shared purpose. So there's still social time, but perhaps more "productive" or fulfilling in some sense.



Furthermore, in conversation with my friend, I realized that ambitious / interesting people (people I want to be and stay friends with) want to be around other ambitious / interesting people. Wherever I am, there will be people like that around. It helps myself and my relationship with them when I ensure I have enough focus time to pursue my dreams now.



Side note, I am in awe of some beautiful human bubbles that make my soul sing. Here's a quick compilation:



Kenya: The Wonder House @NairobiColombia: The Curiousity House @MedellinSan Francisco: The SF Commons project // Third Spaces, the Center SF



Also, I was adjacently-into Effective Altruism communities while living in Kenya and Colombia. Looking to continue this in SF!



Cheers,



K



















 


Hay días hermosos y hay días, hermosos



Quote seen from a friend’s Instagram page


writing this down, because there are many times i forget how anchoring habits help me feel better and more centered each day.



MeditateExercise / stretchClean up my room / my deskCreate a plan of attack - what I want to work on, how to spend my day, etc. Then play some music and get to it.


https://docs.google.com/file/d/1-_J5jYopnMTvTw6Z9yy3I8N6zDS8Hqbf/edit?usp=docslist_apifiletype=msword


I had two recent experiences where my SO J had positive intent but the outcome was negative.



J brought all my clothes to the dry cleaners/ laundry people along with his laundry and our duvet - when I was feeling like our room was too messy. When we got the clothes back, I was missing a few nostalgic pieces I adored. (He also had missing items - most noticeably all his underwear.)J picked the bike route to bring us to a soccer game. This was the first time I was joining him in his Monday soccer group. Side note: This was actually the first time I ever played a soccer game... I missed a lot of balls - realized why people wear cleats when I tried to run after them and couldn't stop -, kicked balls towards the opponents, and did a new move where I shouldered a ball because it seemed like hitting it with my head would've hurt. But all in all, had an incredible time running around on the sunny fields. Back to main note: Our bike path to the soccer fields was stressful because there were multiple one-way roads where we biked the wrong way, times we were on the wrong lane and needed to weave through cars to get to the right one (one of them where the risk was entering a highway), and I felt like J biked further ahead and didn't use hand signals which made it hard for me to follow. I had suggested a different route along the water that I had biked towards near the same spot earlier that day - that he didn't want to take - which made me feel more frustrated during our bike ride.



In both instances, I felt momentary annoyance at J when I was experiencing the negative outcomes. Taking even 1/2 a step back though, it's so evident that the process and intentions he had were still solid. He wanted to help clean our room. He wanted to take me to soccer - along a path he had taken multiple times before - and didn't know that there'd be so much traffic on this particular day. 



So this is a personal note to self, to encourage the process with solid intentions. To not express as much frustration when the outcome is negative in those instances. 



Often outcomes are outside of our control. But if we constantly react directly to only outcomes (both positive or negative), we may be expressing desire for more or less of the actions in the process which can lead to long term dissatisfaction. 



To make this more real with examples:



Negative outcome, positive process:Outcome: Multiple clothing items (1 in particular that I really loved and think is hard to get again) were lost after J brought all my clothes to the laundry people.Process: J noticed I was showing small signs of unhappiness with the messiness of our room a factor (for reference, we didn't have anything in our room except for a mattress on the ground... so naturally our clothes were placed around the ground and in our open suitcases that were used as drawers). One of his solutions to this was to bring all the clothes (almost all of my clothes he took to get washed were already clean, but I'm not going to tell him that) to the dry cleaner. Potential longer term effects if I react really negatively to the outcome: J may associate my negative reaction with his positive intent (either overall to help me feel better when I'm down, or to help clean the room when I'm a bit frustrated there) and because of that association, do overall less of actions along those intents. Positive outcome, negative process:There are countless positive outcome situations with J (many more than the negative ones). If I witness a positive outcome that had a negative process (e.g., misaligned intentions, actions out of line with integrity, etc.) and react really positively to the outcome, then I'm indirectly potentially perpetuating a wrong process that could lead to long term negative outcomes.Hypothetical situation below!Outcome: J gets me a new limited edition super cool and beautiful piece of jewelry (also in this hypothetical situation: I really like jewelry and specifically this piece).Process: J bought it through paying an illegal bot and using someone else's credit card to purchase it.Potential longer term effects if I react really positively to the outcome: J thinks this is how to win my affection and continues doing this. On his third time doing it, he gets caught by the internet police who throw him in jail.Negative outcome, negative process or positive outcome, positive process:No change in reaction needed. There's alignment here in outcome and process.



Signing off,



Kat as in KitKat, or the animal Cat but spelled with a K


Hands are freezingFace just as coldFinally arrive! But not so fast -Parking requires scanning up and down streets to read those red and white street cleaning signsFinally found one for Thursday cleaning (if today is Wednesday, I'm safe?)Back up this giant machine with my feet, try not to hit the cars I've driven my first e-moped.



Weaving through the SF traffic - elegantly I'd like to describe my path -One way streets or bus-only lanes - ha!Only an impediment for the plebeian car (or e-moped)I arrive with my heart rate energized on my exquisite e-bike.


but also don’t be rude to people who may be closer friends with someone you want to stay friends / build deeper friendships with 



:)


i absolutely, freaking love systems. maybe in part because i love efficiency, and systems often enable greater efficiency. maybe related to that, is because i dislike "waste" - this dislike perhaps engrained in me from my immigrant parents who didn't have much when they moved to Canada from China with all their stuff in one checked in luggage. their values from their parents and the cultural revolution that carved a necessity for thrift in survival. 



anyways, here's a simple system i use and love:



running lists 🏃‍♀️📝



what are running lists and how are they different than typical lists?



i use running lists to write down relevant thoughts to a specific topic as i go about my day to day life, in order to save time in decision-making on that topic later on and ideally improve the quality of my future decision. i don't use running lists for everything. just for topics where i believe i'll likely need to make a decision on in the future. i often start running lists after noticing i've already mentally gathered 2-3 data points for that topic, and then i start the running list to not need to carry those ideas in my limited working memory.



example of running lists i have:



date ideasSF want to do's (i create this kind of list for each place i live)iowa summer - invitees listto-buy list - this is usually on a whiteboard in the kitchen, where anyone in our house can add something to it that they want, and especially note something that they just finished (assuming it needs to be replaced). then whoever does the shopping next easily has a list of what they need to buy (instead of net new creating a list each time).blog post topic ideas (and a separate list of draft blog posts i've started and want to edit / flush out)content i want to consume (movies / shows i want to watch, podcasts i want to listen to, books i want to read) parenting ideas (i call this my "mom living doc" - actually started this list in high school)



how do i use running lists?



example: date ideasas i go about my day-to-day life, i'm naturally exposed to date ideas from various sources incl conversations with my SO / friends / coworkers, instagram / social media, physical posters, books or podcasts. when i learn of a date idea that i'd like to do (filtered for things i think my SO enjoys too - otherwise, the idea goes into my location-based want-to-do list to do myself or with friends :)), i'll open my date ideas running list on my phone in the moment and type that new idea in. when J and I have free time on our calendar for a weekend (or weekday!) date, instead of both of us needing to rack our brains in the moment to try and find ideas of things we'd want to do, i can just open my note, and we can pick from a pre-populated list of ideas.note: my running lists span a wide range of timelines. for example, the purpose of the invitee list for our iowa summer is to remember the people i've verbally discussed joining us in iowa this summer and will discuss with J and then extend an invite once we plan out the trip further. this list will no longer be in use come July this year. or on the other spectrum, my parenting doc where i track ideas i'd want to try and incorporate into my own parenting, had a timeline of 10+ years out from when i started it.



why do i love running lists?



better quality ideas - better future decision making:there are great ideas that come in the moment from various sources - that are often forgotten. running lists capture them :)test of time: sometimes we'll think the ideas in the moment are the best ideas (recency bias?). however, when we track them against other ideas over time, then we can better view the ideas holistically and in comparison to each other.better organization and access to those ideas:ideas come from a myriad of places (old messages hidden across various messaging platforms, fleeting verbal conversations, 10 second viewing of a YouTube video, etc.). noting all of the relevant and personally interesting ideas in one place consolidates the otherwise numerous places your brain would need to run through to remember that "one thing" you thought was really cool in the past.memory saver:when i write things down, my mind trusts the written documentation for storage and then releases those things from my limited working memory capacity. this creates more space in my mind to think about other things that are more important to me.plus, my memory honestly isn't always the most trustworthy. when i write things down, my accuracy is improved.time saver:it's fairly easy and low energy to jot ideas into a note in the moment i learn of the idea. by doing this, i save time and energy later on when i need to make the decision because i have the running list from my past self.data exists! for those curious about patterns on yourself over time, these running lists provide documented data points over time on how you were in each stage of your life. 



how do i create them?



i generally use Simplenote for personal running lists or Google Docs for collaborative running lists. digital mediums are easier than physical mediums to find and easily add / edit running notes.



personal observations:



these running lists are generally for things i look forward to and don't feel obligated to do. i don't use running lists for things that i "need" to do. this is because running lists span long durations and subliminally carry a feeling of either heaviness (if it's a list of things i don't look forward to doing) or lightness (things i look forward to doing) along that duration. instead, for things i "need" to do, i'll make much more time-bound to-do lists (e.g., for that day or for that work week). in a sense, other existing forms of running lists are: wordpress, instagram, twitter, snapchat stories (i believe these are still saved from when i used to use the app). i use these mediums to document grouped thoughts over a period of time for me to remember things at centralized spots. oh one more i use: i create custom saved lists on google maps with notes on specific things to try on a menu or reasons to go to a certain place (e.g., fancy dinner spot, good coworking spot, day hike to try, etc.). then, when friends or family come visit, i have a pre-existing list of places plotted to a map that i think they'd like (if it's a place i've already been) or that i have wanted to try.



cheers, 



kat



p.s., sometimes i write documentation on things i learn in this blog, and wonder, are these all really straightforward things that everyone already knows? then i think, well i didn't know and this blog is for my personal documenting so it's ok :)


in SF, baristas will not be kinder to you regardless of how much you tip (tested from 0 to 50% tip).



in Boulder, CO, baristas are consistently sweet to you despite if you tip or not (similarly, tested from 0 to 50% tip).



thus my initial belief (and my people-pleaser leaning) that there is a direct correlation to tipping and how baristas view or treat me has been disproven from a sample of data points.



note, a consistent variable in both locations across different tipping %s: me acting pleasant and polite to the barista


source: this list idea came from my SO as we were building a dresser one weekend! just some ideas on this topic from J + K below :) 



Build furniture togetherTravel togetherTry long distance for some timeTry the opposite - living together - for some timeLearn each other's values through observing each others' actions, learn which fit and which clash, and understand how important to you are the ones that clashDiscuss kidsDiscuss finances and lifestyle preferences (e.g., what elements do you want in a future place that you live longer term in?)Discuss career ambitions, each person's level of commitment to supporting the other's career ambitions, and each person's level of commitment to the relationshipFight. Get better at fighting. Hang out with the other's friends



what else would you add to this list?



K


...but at least white hair is better than no hair.”



Example of how my mom constantly looks at the positive side of things in life 



5/20/22 quote 


definition context



beta = climbing term for advice other climbers may share on how to scale a wall



micro-beta = less ubiquitous term i'm using to allude to very specific small pieces of advice that create large potential impact. in climbing, ex: try smearing your foot on that hold - get more surface area with the side of your toes and better angle. result: i successfully complete the climb i've been working on without success for the last 2 sessions. i also use the same mini-tip to successfully complete two other routes of similar grade.



story time



Until the age of 14 when i visited China with my cousin and uncle, i had never cleaned my glasses.



in China, my uncle looked at me, looked at my glasses and asked "how can you see from these things?"



he took my glasses and wiped them with a cloth he had used to wipe his own glasses.







From the age of 7 to 14, my visual view of the world was less clear because i didn't think of wiping my glasses. if you wear glasses and have experienced the smudging that builds up after even a few days, then you'll relate to my view in those glasses-wearing years. i just didn't know there was anything different.







Two years later, my new eye doctor is looking at my old glasses. she's startled by how scratched up they are. a similar question arises: "how do you see from these things?"



that day, i learn that i can't just wipe my glasses with any fabric i come across - which was usually the t-shirt i was wearing or a rough paper towel from the bathroom. those can cause scratches, and instead, i should be using micro-fiber cloths that are designed for wiping glasses. 







In reflection, access to knowledge is important. i view the small learnings from my uncle and my eye doctor on glasses care to be "micro-beta" - small easily actionable things that can lead to fairly great longer term benefits. 



the greatest barrier to accessing those benefits is just having the micro-beta knowledge. in life, i've learned a lot of these tips from our parents, but i've also felt they missed knowing many items as well. perhaps some of this is my parents not knowing them (e.g., after realizing my world view got substantially clearer when my lens were cleaned, i checked my dad's glasses and realized they were just as smudged as mine used to be) and perhaps some of this is my parents not realizing it'd be helpful to share the micro-beta (e.g., my mom taught me how to floss in middle school by placing floss directly up and down between my teeth... about 7 years later, i learn from my SO that the more proper, more effective, and less damaging-to-gums way is to go close to the sides of each tooth. in this example, my mom just didn't know that i was doing the small detailed part of flossing incorrectly nor that it was something that would be helpful to share with me in my flossing habits). 







In further reflection, my parents know a lot. but much of their knowledge was set in a different country, a different time era with different technologies and universal understandings of the world. as i grew older (starting around high school), my parents emphasized how they had limits in their understanding of the world and encouraged me to be a lifelong learner from having my own experiences. starting college, i would bring back learnings i gained from my broader exposure to the world. my parents have been incredibly receptive to my shared learnings,  incorporated some of these to their own lives, and have expressed thankfulness to be able to continue learning through my experiences.



looking forward into my future parenting style, i'll carry this similar mindset: that there are limits to what i know considering the rapid changes in our world, and thus encourage my kids to gather their own learnings through various sources across their lives, which also in turn amplify my own learning.



concurrently, i'll be intentional in my teaching / knowledge sharing approach to carry a "beginner's mindset" and remember to share micro-beta that i've learned to date :).  



i think in some part, this blog writing can be helpful for that future endeavor. i'm documenting learnings in real time as i go about my life; these learnings may seem conspicuously obvious for people who've been through things and for future me when i've seen those things through multiple times... but this documentation shows that a new-learner may not know them! 


a) inflationb) market downturna) hiring freezesb) hot job marketa) warb) prosperity


context: i've recently read the seven principles for making marriage work by john gottman. it was recommended on a blog post by self help guy Mark Manson.







background - my personal philosophy on learning, vSelf-Development: 



i approach knowledge gathering in two buckets: 1)  just in time knowledge (knowing something exists so you can reference to it later), 2) incorporated knowledge (actively incorporating the information into my own life)



the second approach is my active learning. for self-development, i can't put all the new knowledge i come across into the second bucket, because when i have tried to incorporate everything i learn at once, i feel overwhelmed, i don't create sustainable habits, and then i don't reap the effects i hoped for.



instead, when i start with just a prioritized select few pieces to incorporate in my life, i create enduring habits that become minimal energy to maintain which give me space to add more habits later on.



aside, could be a fun graph to plot positive habits accumulation (step graph) over time, juxtaposed with another graph of energy spent on habit building (more sinusoidal). it'd be fun to add nuances like habit-stacking - where sometimes more habits are accumulated but the energy spent is not directly correlated to increase in habits. 



also because of the above, i find benefits in re-reading books, re-listening to podcasts, re-watching recorded lectures. each time i do it again - often years later - i pick up and incorporate new pieces of knowledge.







here are the few habits i'd like to work on for the next few months, from the seven principles book:



one: listen better - interrupt less I noticed and we've discussed that I often interrupt J's stories because I get so excited about them! I often have a lot of questions and thoughts. On the phone, to listen fully to what Jordan has to say before I interject, I've been trying out muting myself when he's talking to add another layer of friction. In real life, when I'm playful, I often raise my hand and wait to be called on :). If Jordan is done, he'll acknowledge me playfully. If he wants to finish a story, he'll let me know :). The situation I'm working on is when we're arguing. When I'm more heated, I interject a lot. As soon as J says something that I don't think is correct, I often interject before he finishes everything he wants to say. He listens well when we're fighting, and I want to work on building the same respect. I'll try working on this by thinking about my goal here when we're arguing! two: fight slow to fight fastmy goal in arguments is to get something i want - often a change in how jordan acts. in order to get to the final goal, the easy in-the-moment action for me is to express and act exactly how i feel emotionally. however, this path is suboptimal because it leads to greater hurt between us (requiring longer term healing) and our fights often are longer till we get to a solution. the harder in-the-moment action for me is to employ various tactics that require me to command greater control of my emotions. below are a few of those tactics:employ soft startups: make sure partner feels known / respected - not criticized / attacked. think about a strategy to get to my goal before just launching into my current pattern of what feels easiest.e.g., from book: "There’s a big difference between “Sheesh, you’re a lousy driver! Slow down before you kill us!” and “I know you enjoy driving fast, but I get really nervous. Could you please slow down?” Maybe that second approach takes a bit longer. But that extra time is worth it since it is the only method that works!"“If you’re angry with your spouse, it’s worth taking a deep breath and thinking through how to broach the subject. Softening your start-up will be easier if you constantly remind yourself that it is the optimum strategy for resolving the conflict. If you feel too angry to discuss the matter gently, your best option is not to discuss it at all until you’ve calmed down. Follow the steps for self-soothing before talking it out with your spouse.”personal example i'm going to work on in my relationship: for context, at group gatherings, J often doesn't interact with me much. i've learned from him that this is because he feels pressure to make sure the group is ok first. sometimes when i'm tired / lower emotional stability, i feel hurt by this. i'm used to so much attention and affection when we're by ourselves that going from 100 to 5 makes me feel less loved in group moments. to improve this situation, i'm going to practice communicating the following prior to parties or group events i attend with J: “please spend time with just me today at this party. You’re really good at 1:1 settings, but I really like specifically your attention in group settings too.”ask questions, approach the situation to seek understanding from his perspective, then over-communicate to show that i understand him before pushing my point. example: i can playback what i thought i heard / my understanding and ask if he thinks it's accurate. often in our arguments, i've noticed that i often push my points as a response to the assumption that i correctly heard him / understood what he said. however, he doesn't always feel that i listened to him (even if i think i did), which makes him less receptive to what i have to say after. practice seeing things from a 3rd party-point-of-view. what would someone else outside of me and him think? this exercise really helps me calibrate with what's "normal" vs "over-reacting." Tactics are easier to do when you really believe in the why and are more optimizing for end outcome than necessarily "being right" - fighting smarter not harder :). So note to self to remember my end goal: to win the long game not the short one.three: respond affirmatively to repair attempts repair attempt definition per book: “... refers to any statement or action—silly or otherwise—that prevents negativity from escalating out of control. Repair attempts are a secret weapon of emotionally intelligent couples”benefits of repair attempts per the book: “you frequently have the experience of being calmed by your spouse, you come to associate him or her with feelings of relaxation rather than of stress. This automatically increases the positivity in your relationship.”after reading this, i realized that both jordan and i employ these so-called "repair attempts" when we argue! however, either him or i don't always respond positively to the repair attempts. i can't control him responding positively to my repair attempts (though i suggested him to read this book, which perhaps if / after he does, i can be more explicit in the future to him to let him know that i'm trying to use a repair attempt). but i can control my own responding to his repair attempts. my goal is to respond affirmatively more often and quicker to his repair attempts. it'll make the repair attempts actually successful, and ideally we'll reap more of the benefits as mentioned above (less heated arguments, greater feeling of trust in each other). for him, he'll also associate more clearly that his repair attempts work, which go in the habit building cycle as a "reward", which ideally leads to more repair attempts in our relationships and less fights.



BTW, a past tactic i've worked on and now incorporated, that i think is fairly effective in decreasing magnitude and frequency of fights, is: practicing self-soothing to decrease situations of "flooding."



what is "flooding":



for a while, i didn't have a word to describe this feeling. i just observed that there was an inflection point (another word i didn't previously realize i could use outside of math class) in my arguments with J (and with family members) where once passed, i'd get so heated that it'd be really hard / seemingly impossible to control myself and calmly resolve fights. that's the "flooding" or "fight or flight" state. 



how do i practice self-soothing?:



in self-soothing, timing to employ this is key (if too late, then it's a lot harder for these techniques to be effective). thus, i start with noticing my body! when i'm more in tune with my body, i notice signs like shallower breathing, my mental state changing and feeling more heated, my tone of voice more curt.focus my mind to think about towards the lower half of my bodybreathe deeplyhug J if i can and not talk for a bitgo for a walk and listen to music



^got those tips from various sources (e.g., books, therapists, first principles / trial and error, etc.)







ending sidenote: i've been playing around with typing without capitalization. feels more casual. takes less time? not sure if this is a habit i want to keep or not yet! (it's been trickling over to my work communication too...) 



another sidenote: i think there's a lot of merit in editing docs after i write them, to help with readers' experiences. this article is really for my own documentation, but perhaps one day later i'll come back and edit this if i think it could be helpful for others! regardless, thank you for reading 3 


learningmovingfriends / people



for learning, my current backlog courses are:



on wealth  poverty: https://substack.com/profile/626319-robert-reich - he has an amazing online course that he publishes privatelyon systems thinking: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?app=desktoplist=PLnalaY8d4zbjlYOgiAB0AxZexqrtlG3Wv - roote fellowship open learningon startups: https://www.startupschool.org/curriculum/past - YC vidson professional development: on deck CoS fellowship courses



previously, my learning were a series of books. pivoting a bit this upcoming month to video series.



for moving, my go-to's are becoming:



biking around the city (got a helmet recently that i'm planning to wear more often!)bouldering at Benchmark - trying to go at least 2-3x/ week; i love when i feel like i'm making progress and i love the rate they reset routesmorning "hikes" / stair-climbing to Coit Tower - my current favorite hike because it's so close, spikes my heart rate, and has gorgeous views



for friends / people:



do what feels good and right to me. there's a fun balance: if i don't have enough plans in place (e.g., 0) for an upcoming weekend, i feel some pressure to make plans because otherwise i'll feel like i'll "waste" those days. thus, for weekends, i try to plan at least 1 thing that's something i like doing and i couldn't really have done during the week. however, if i have a day with 3+ back to back commitments with different friends in different places, i almost always don't do well with these. i either go to all of them a bit late / frazzled / stressed. or i don't go to all of them and then need to figure out how to prioritize in the moment. + often times new invites may come in that i feel like i can't go to because of my existing plans. thus, my solution has been to cap out on my events committing (esp ones where i need to show up on time / be really present - unlike parties that run for a longer time and doesn't matter as much how /when i show up) with anticipation ahead of time on how i may feel.+ being proactive in my activities, to ensure i'm doing things that give me energy. co-planning ahead (doing this with friends) on activities we want to do :)



with that, i'm really happy with my current steady state split of time. feels balanced and true.


context: J and I have been spending a lot of time together. so far so good! concurrently, been learning a lot on things that work and things that don't work as well. 



i love writing things down! solidifies my learning. gives me a place to easily look back on in the future. jetfuels my learning (if i don't write things down, more likely for me to forget these things earlier on and thus i don't really "learn" it??)



here's a tidbit we've learned recently:



subject: seeking third party opinions on issues between uspath we decided to avoid: for either of us to have the defacto path when we encounter issues to first get input from a third party (family member, friends) that the other one of us cares about.rationales for avoidance of above path: we have vested interest in family member / friends of the other. thus, when we feel we can't control / don't know what the narrative the other presents to that 3rd party person, it could hurt the trust between the relationship parties. note: through time though, we've built solid trust that the other tries their best to present each other in the best light to the 3rd party. however, the person seeking advice may not always have an accurate shared understanding with their partner.harder-buy-in of the proposed 3rd party solution. say person A asked their parent on a relationship issue. person A may bring the proposed solution from the parent to person B, but it's harder for the person B to have buy-in or to feel like the solution is fair and thus to accept and implement the solution, because person B never had buy-in on how the initial ask was made or what part of the situational context was shared.not scalable solution: although almost all our past times doing this, we make progress towards getting a best answer for the both of us (our family members and friends are wise people who want the best for us!); there will bound to be a future situation where perhaps the advisor who we care about may suggest something that goes against what our partner wants. thus we're not aligning the right teams... it becomes advisor + partner A vs partner B instead of partner A + partner B on the same team to resolve a relationship issue.path we decided to pursue instead, to still solve for subject: 1) break the direct default path for us to go to that third party, especially prior to us first trying to solve for the issue ourselves, 2) if we reach a stalemate, then we can ask a third party for input. the way we ask the third party: say person A wants to ask their parent. then person A would play back to person B their understanding of the issue context and how they'd like to shape the written or verbal ask to the parent. then person B is invited to vet this wording and ensure it captures their understanding of the situation and ask as well. with alignment in place, the ask is shot out, and whatever third-party answer is proposed is more likely to be mutually accepted and enacted on, leading to better issue resolution.Note, one-off direct asks to third-party members on issues are still valid! we just aim to not have it be the default path. Another note, if an issue happens to be too difficult to raise to a family member / friend, then we can discuss it with a neutral 3rd party person who we don't have that long term vested interest in - likely a relationship therapist!thesis: there is merit in getting a third party opinion. just want to make sure we're doing it a long-term constructive way. 



cheers to better fighting,



kat


and why do i write in this way that i do? ("micro-blogging in private")



to learnto think moreto feel better



one, to learn: i learn more effectively because i remember my in-the-moment learnings when i write them down. i also realize assumptions that i hold when i try to explain a topic. 



two, to think more: my "working memory" part of my brain only holds so many thoughts at a time. when i have a learning that i think could be useful and i don't want to forget, then that thought continually stays in my limited "working memory" for a while. it takes space from being more creative and thinking more thoughts :). thus, when i write those thoughts down, i am freeing my mind to think more!



three, to feel better: when i write my thoughts down, i feel lighter. my mind feels more agile and free. furthermore, when i write things down and hit "publish" (either publishing publicly or privately), i think it triggers some endorphins in my body. i feel a sense of accomplishment that helps my mood feel better throughout the day. i'll often feel either 1) more productive because i've had a small win to kick off momentum and overcome inertia, or 2) if the day ends up being not so productive, i feel less bad about it because i had a small win already in writing something.



cheers and have a wonderful memorial day weekend!



k a t 


elements of life i'd like to deliberately teach (mostly through my own living by example) to my kids:



*note: not in order of importance, but in order of what comes up in my mind



personal finances / financial literacy goal setting, manifestation and visualization, writing things downbeing a global citizen - caring about the world and valuing humans and earthemotional self-awareness (there's a great chapter about how to teach this as a parent in the book "The Warrior Heart Practice")action-orientedess; feeling empowered to build and to dowhat a healthy romantic relationship looks like curiosity and hunger for learning nutrition and healthy-eatingexercising and taking care of our bodieswhen they're older: morning routines! stretching, meditating, etc.appreciation, gratitudehow to love how to chase their dreams how to be braveresilience - how to keep at something until you get itsome sort of "immigrant" ambition, in that to not be entitled and to not stay complacent with anything short of being alive



dear child, 



when you fall, you will feel hurt and you will express how you feel. i'll understand, i've fallen a thousand times before. 



my job will be to offer tools, experiences, emotional security for you to push yourself back up. no matter how big the dragons you face. or if a prince in shining armor lets go of your heart.



at times, dragons can be friends, and shining armor can't hide the most important parts of a human.  



what i know about the world, i'll share. you can ask and i'll be candid about my experiences and where my bounds are. i'm gathering stories through my life to rewatch the plays across my mind when i'm old and bedridden (with hope that the latter will be brief and happy). 



the fullness in my heart, i hope to share with your heart. the joy, wonder, incredulation that we are alive. the briefness of it all. letting go what we can't control and focusing on the very few things that are important. 



in turn, you'll teach me how to love in your own way. the gentle caterpillar who crawls on your hand as you raise to me in giddy wonder. 



in truth, i can't possibly be prepared for what kind of human being you'll become. i'll have to live by example how to worry about the things i can control and let go of the things i can't. your life is yours to explore, adventure, create, breathe, jump, dance, struggle, embrace. 











i'm still many (yet also not that many) years out from having kids. above post was inspired to be written from a recent conversation about parenting with a friend.



i think i'd like to spend more time writing a dear child letter / poem in the future when i have more certainty on having a kid. that one will have a few stanzas on their dad too







there are some things i want to avoid, that i've seen other parents do:



put their own forgone dreams into their kidsknowing what to do but not doing those things themselves; this instead teaches a kid how to be a hypocrite



how this shows up: there are parents who tell their kids to chase their dreams; but don't do it themselves. i want to lead by example so my actions correspond to the words i say.



another example on this realm: would you subscribe to a fitness coach who doesn't work out or eat healthy (and looks it)? there may still be wisdom in their words, but it becomes harder to respect and thus follow them.


is a question commonly swapped at SF social gatherings.



the common response is about trips to fun places in the US and abroad. 



recently, when i was asked this question, i needed a few minutes to reflect on my answer before speaking. 



this year, this next few weeks or months, i'm looking forward most to routine.







a house is not built in arbitrary spurts; it's built with dedicated, time-bound routine.



every morning, J and i hike up the stairs to Coit tower. at the base of telegraph hill, there is a house that is undergoing renovations - starting from a tear down. there is a team of construction workers who are making dedicated progress on this house each day.



J and I can't always easily see the progress this team makes on a daily basis. but we do with longer timelines. every couple days or so, i look at this construction and am in slight awe of the progress they've made. out of seemingly nothing, they are building the foundations for a beautiful house. in a few months or so, their routine will pay off in a final product that would otherwise be incredibly difficult to achieve without routine.



living in sf, living in a world encapsulated by social media, it's easy to chase one-off events, experiences, trips. it's easy to get fixated on those and forget to build a house.







having a constant environment allows me to easily see personal change.



i wouldn't feel as accomplished in my rock climbing progression if my climbing gym changed all their routes every time i go. 



novelty in moderation is fun, but routine is fulfilling.



at my climbing gym, they change one wall face each week. i like this environment setup: having mostly the same, while adding in a bit of new at scheduled intervals. when i have the same environment, the same routes, then i can see and measure my personal change.



the same v2 route that was a challenge a week ago, now feels viscerally easier to scale. i notice the way i contract and move my body in ways i didn't feel the first time. 







i'm looking forward to routine. i've been starting to see benefits to routines i've started (for example, i can physically see my skin improving after weeks of a skincare routine), and those benefits reinforce me to stay the course on routines more. yay for the habit-creation loop!



readers note: i think i'll naturally have spontaneity, fun, adventure, etc. incorporated in my life. those things always have a way of seeping in ;). 



another note: i'm reminded of a metaphor i've read before. say life is a jar. it's important to identify the big rocks in your life. those need to go in the far first. then you can add the medium rocks. then the pebbles / sand. there's room for everything! just need to be intentional to identify the big rocks and prioritize those first, so you don't end up with a jar of sand.



note note: on further thought, i guess the thesis of my post should / could be reworded to, i like the benefits that are acquired from routine. and i like routine because it gives me access to those benefits.


day 1: 



dear san francisco,



the truth is that, you're pretty terrible.i've never seen sidewalks as putrid as yours.



and, your redeeming quality, is not even you. it's the people that cling on to you and call you their home.it's the people i call friends who together we can make music and together time passes and we feel happy enough.



dear san francisco, 



i haven't decided if i'm rotting in your city, or just passing through.i don't know if i can bear you during the day when the world's awake and consumerism is pushed, and i'm not high or drunk or a bit of both.



cheers and perhaps temporarily yours,



k a t



===



day 2: 



there must be a word for when you check a social media website with a specific purpose in mind and are inundated with the swaths of notifications and life updates and everything else that you click through and close the window and realize you forgot why you entered that social media website in the first place. 



there must be a word for that invincible feeling that envelops your body when you summit a mountain after a strenuous journey. 



there must be a word for when your heart pounds and your mind cannot think of anything else except that boy. the state of being utterly and completely consumed, no matter if you know the fixation is and will stay one-way. 



poem inspired by this tweet: https://twitter.com/LouisAnslow/status/1530642405552181249 also wisdom and universal truths in words from local languages! recent one i learned was jugaad.



===



day 3:



sometimes i question, what is the purpose of all this?



then i'm reminded, that of the trillion of years the universe has existed and the future trillion of years it will be in existence, that life is only a small sliver of it all.



and then i continue to float.



===



day 4:



signs i'm getting old(er):



 - my favorite aftertaste is the closing credits at the end of a movie. as the theatre clears out, i have a moment for myself to revel in the world i've been transported to.-  i'll pass on the free pizza offered in events. i'm looking forward to my quinoa + impossible meat + broccoli waiting for me at home.- i think sex feels better because i'm so comfortable in my naked body. it's all mine! it's gorgeous and carries me to jump and dance and laugh. in turn, i've learned how to care for it in the crevices and curves. 



signs i'm still the same:



- i still have a tremendous insecurity of being normal, boring, plain, average. 



===



day 5:



blank space. silence. let the water wash over us.



===



day 6:



how to feel alive. 



have a waterfall cascade on your back.watch the shooting stars on the top of a glacier.fly by the wind pushing on your kite, suspended by your harness and your feet slipped into a board.take drugs and run along the streets of neon lights.



===



day 7:



the long game. am i spending time in how i want to play the long game?



i think my perfect balance in life includes reflection, action, focus, exploration. 



when my life skews too much in reflection and exploration and less action and focus, i feel antsy.







day 8:



it's funny, how people want mansions overseeing on top of a mountain overlooking the beach 



but they don't think about how it's far and inconvenient for others to come by



they don't think about how the empty halls filled with artwork don't talk back to them


examples: 



mortality / last sunday countersticky notes on computer saying reminders like "focus"reminders on my phone for things like "meditate"


This post follows the similar topic of a post I wrote in 2017.



We've both been growing tremendously in the last 5 years. It's easy to get caught up in the day to day motions, and thus, the purpose of this post is to take a step back and look at our relationship with fresh eyes. Here are the new things I've been learning from dating my best friend.



Do what's right. I admire his integrity and his actions.Make decisions from an abundance mentality. We do have enough.There's always time for dance breaks. Incl quick celebrations for finding your previously-lost driver's license, having a pre-hype session before a social event, etc. Makes everything better. My words matter. J listens. Be careful of the words I say when I'm upset; I may not mean them in the moment, but J wouldn't know this and this impacts his actions.Eat healthy. Set high standards. I'm appreciative of how stringent J is on healthy eating habits; it's so easy to slip here.Don't sweat the small things, pick my battles. How he takes care of me when I'm tired / hungry / etc. even when he may be running on less sleep / food / etc.It's important to celebrate milestonesMake things nice. Make the bed, buy some plants, clean the dishes.J, like most humans, responds well to my reaction. Ensure my positive and negative re-enforcement are tailored for long term.Apologizing when apologies are helpful.Forgiving quickly. And then forgetting. After something is forgiven, it's not brought up again.



Similar to the last time I wrote this, J continues to teach these things by living them. I notice his actions (he's a big influence to me especially since we spend so much time together). There are actions and mindsets that I admire and then want to incorporate into my own life to become better. Also shoutout to J's parents who've passed on many of these qualities.



It's funny. How we can love people more as time passes. I guess life is binary in directions (just variable in magnitude)... we're either moving in one direction or the other.



In addition, I've noticed that J has also improved in a few ways we've discussed in the past, incl:



Giving me a hug when I'm upset :). Taking care of me when I'm upset. Prioritizing me and our relationshipCompromising more; finding middle grounds where we may both win - this may mean loosening up a bit on personal standards / wants in the short term, but leads to longer term overall benefits.Listening to me more. Asking for my input, acknowledging when I have good ideas, incorporating my ideas, acknowledging to others sometimes when I've helped (I appreciate credit - I know he and others may not care as much about it).Building friends and a social network in SF (as well as a global professional network) and inviting me to events and hangouts!


if i were to have an equation to model my clarity of thought and purposefulness in action - a state I optimize to be in (i'll refer to it as "State Bliss" from here on out) - it'd have a few enabling variables.



Note: I don't need to over-optimize for the magnitude of State Bliss and correspondingly, the variables. State Bliss enables me to do more in my life (purposeful driven work, deep thinking, etc.) and thus this equation represents more so a minimal baseline threshold that i want to stay over. After that threshold, i can spend my time on items beyond optimizing for State Bliss - which is my end goal.



Often, I learn about these variables after I live without them, and realize I'm not happy / above State Bliss because I'm missing them.



Here are a few I have:



emotional stability through long term support systems (for me, this has been primarily a stable relationship with my SO) - let's call this variable term Emovement in my body - ideally exerting myself daily (or few times a week if not daily) and ideally spending time in nature - let's call this variable term Mfriends! hanging out and events. - let's call this variable term Ftime for rest. getting enough sleep, making time for meditation (esp when i need it), managing my stress. - let's call this variable term R



Being the type of person I am, I've created "systems" to ensure the above 4 variables are solved for. Potential future blog post, I can dive deeper into how I think about friendships (kind of tactical), making new friends, and a visual that depicts the effort and benefit of friends in a state diagram / chart (for example, investing in greater effort upfront when i move to a new place, because then i have easier events or hangouts to organize or attend and which creates a "system" to solve for my variable F which helps me stay in State Bliss!).



Anyways, my reason for writing this post is actually about marriage*.



*or a similar secure state of mutual commitment, support, etc.



Two of my friends separately described marriage as decreasing one major degree of freedom in their lives. By solving this degree of freedom, they were able to go deeper and spend more headspace and effort on other things in their lives - such as their careers and how they wanted to create impact in this universe.



What are degrees of freedom and what are their properties? 



I'm going to go back to engineering curriculum days, supplemented with some online research to refresh my knowledge and a personal experience at a rollerblade disco, to try and explain my understanding.



From online research (source), these are technical definition and properties:



In a calculation, degrees of freedom is the number of values which are free to vary. A higher degree of freedom means more power to reject a false null hypothesis and find a significant result. 



Just decreasing 1 unknown variable makes it a lot easier to solve for an equation. It's much less complex to solve an equation with 10 unknown variables than with 11 unknown variables, similarly for an equation with 3 unknown variables than with 4 unknown variables, etc.



Supplemented from a story at a rollerblade disco (go check this out when you're in SF!):



One Friday night in SF, a friend and I went dancing at the local rollerblade disco. When I'm dancing with rollerblades on, I have a new physical degree of freedom in movement that becomes solved for; I can't really move my feet beyond the forward linear motion. Corresponding to this, I noticed myself getting more creative and intentional with the rest of my body to dance in our disco hall. I went further on expression with my arms, my torso, my shoulders, my legs.



Bonus: here's a visual description of constraining what constraining a degree of freedom means.



Conclusion:



When we solve for certain variables, then we decrease the degrees of freedom in our lives and are empowered to go deeper into the things yet unsolved that matter most to us. The equation we're trying to optimize for definitely depends on each individual - which also will determine which variables we want to have solved.  



Diving deeper into the marriage example: when someone has solved* for their long term relationship, this removes time and mental energy in doing things like dating, wondering about who they're dating, going through emotional heartache, looking for companionship / support / etc.



*acknowledging that keeping something "solved" takes effort and is not stagnant. 



Note: I'm not sure I can directly interchange "# of variables" for "degrees of freedom." Though intuitively it makes sense to me. Let me know if you know more on this! Otherwise, I'll look into it more later and try to edit in the future :) 


the tourists



the rush



the consumerism



instead, give me the trees



the birds



the grass i can lay my head down on



the mountains



the water



the air 







what i crave often while living in SF


Quote from a hitting book I found at the Chinatown library: The Algebra of Happiness


For context, I started tracking content I ingest a few years ago, mostly along the framework of books, movies, and tv shows. It's been an iterative process (first year, I didn't have the rigor to track most of the content I ingested. years after that, I've been tracking more and also trying to add some more info such as ratings and small commentary. a future year, i'd like to add a category for new artists i discover that i love).



I realized that my 2022 list is already getting long and messy, thus I'm going to "clean it up a bit" by sorting it and publishing it! Here's the first one on Books:



Books



Read: non-fiction:



Out-innovate - 12/10The Warrior Heart Practice - 11/10relationship to the story is power and curiosity - not victimization. Dang. That’s what I’ve been doing!Instant anger management- 10/10shoe dog - 10/10The Seven Principles for Making Marriage Work - 9.5/10Life is right now (https://www.intelligentchange.com/products/life-is-right-now coffee table book) - 9/10 - really great vibesThe Prosperity Paradox - 8.5/10 (similar in ways to Out-innovate.. similar themes)The righteous mind - 8.5/10Always eat left handed - 8.5/10101 essays that will change the way you think - 6.5/10 (some solid essays with prime wisdom. however, after listening to too many of these 101 essays in a short amount of time, i felt information overwhelm to the point that they became less helpful to me. if i were to re-read this in the future, i'd read a chapter, pause and think about it for a while, then read another one a few days later)The Icarus Deception - 6/10



Read: fiction:



Pachinko - 11/10  Wow it’s so goodThe characters are so well developedOften relatableSo many characters / scenes I fell in love with. On love, family, cultural friction between time frames and locations, and more.third body problem - 10/10People we meet on vacation - 7/10 - honestly written really well (poetic), audiobook was read really well. Not superbly deep, just something I enjoyed to pass the time.Anxious people - 5.5/10 - personally I didn’t love it. Pros: greater empathy. Good storytelling (audio book I could visualize like a play).



Backlog books I'm excited to read, some in progress (source: reccs from friends and interviews I've listened to):



OverstoryThe Mom TestDigital KenyaMoneylandThe origins of virtueWho is Michael OvitzHigh growth handbook



Books I've started but have not finished... yet?*:



1984Free Food for Millionaires - I picked it up this year and read some of this but didn't get through all of itHow to avoid a climate disaster - (9/10) (tbd tho) - finished most of this but got kind of bored after a while so didn't finish all of itThe body by Bill Bryson (I don’t think I can finish this :P - started and jumped around but didn’t totally pique my interest)



Other books I've been recommended this year, but not sure if I'll read this year:



Humankind: A Hopeful HistoryTwo other books in the Third Body trilogy: The Dark Forest, Death's EndZen and the art of motorcycle fixingThe Code Breaker: Jennifer Doudna, Gene Editing, and the Future of the Human RaceThe bitcoin standardFounder Brand: Turn Your Story Into Your Competitive Advantagecash flow quadrantStolen Focus: Why You Can't Pay Attention--and How to Think Deeply Again



*In the category "Books I've started but have not finished... yet", this relates to my approach in reading. If I'm not vibing with a book, I'm open to putting the book down. It's like a short-term relationship. It's the book or it's me, or sometimes it's just timing - there have been times I've put a book down and then months or years later, picked it up again and loved it.



**Also note, I don't have reading goals. Sometimes I read a lot. Sometimes I have stretches of time where I don't read at all. I just like documenting things for myself to enhance my memory :)


i've fallen under a narrative of how US-based companies are leaving the fight for US-based tech talent, for cheaper and still high quality developers from around the world.but i've started to build data points on how companies in emerging markets are hiring in the US / UK / other western places - to hire solid talent. (e.g., Koko, Shara, etc.)tbh i don't have a perspective on what they're doing. i'm more on a take-a-back-seat-and-observe mode right nowkune just went under. this perhaps was another take-a-back-seat-and-observe startup case study. i wonder what potential implications there are here on me. as an expat founder. perhaps more for me to chew on - how can i build something that isn't tone deaf? what does success really look like to me?i do think this is a good time to not be in kenya - due to rising prices (more civil unrest) and elections happening later this year (tbd on how those go).interesting that the arab spring was driven by climate change. fuck.i want to spend more time with people that make me feel like i'm singing from the rooftops. unfearful of being completely and justly myself. funny how in a talk for a kenyan clean cook stove company, that i find people who've inspired me more than almost all the people i met in the last 3 months in Sf. perhaps my favorite talks, i'm discovering, are ones where the people who attend the talk are just as fascinating as the talkers. 



i think i'm building greater thoughts on what i want to build:



emerging markets + developed markets; i want to bridge this gap, to stand in this intersection. why? i'd love to spend solid time in both places, not just one. i love living in emerging markets. i love living w J. those two are pretty mutually exclusive.$ is to be found in developed markets. $ makes life and companies easier.i'd like to start in this intersection because i have potential strengths here (vs being the expat founder working completely in the area)maybe, government regulation is easier to work with when i have international reach?would be cool to find something that doesn't have to stay in one country. on this note**



serendipity, focus, boldness, stepping into the self we want to become.



lol



kat



**i had a conversation with someone who scaled some really cool startups (expanding a US startup into India and scaling a super fast growing startup in Vietnam) about the future of globalization. i think this is a topic i want to sit down with and think more about and write more on!



there are so many fun angles to explore on the future of the world with respect to globalization. from friendships + connections, to jobs and hiring.  



and thinking on - what types of startups work best to "win" with respect to globalization and spanning various countries. vs. what startups we've seen case studies that have "lost" to home-grown competitors? 



done rambling! gn


Even if and when you don’t know many people who’ve done it successfully. 



Thought that’s been in my mind. And related to “being an artist,” inspired by book “the Icarus Deception”





how to: 



live in a community living home with people i like and that we spend solid time togetherhave accomplished something meaningful in my life - likely related to emerging marketspursue ways to contribute to the world in ways that maintain intellectual curiosity and where i feel i'm living my values



kk



kat


today i looked around the room and noticed some of my clothes were thrown around the floor, my books and contacts and random things took up most of our shelf, and my amazon boxes littered the recycling area. 



of J and I's shared physical space, i take up more of it.



today before starting a meditation, J started talking about a friend CRM he was thinking of building. somehow at that moment, i realized that 70%+ of our conversations are about the things on his mind. about his startup product, about his team, about operating remote v in person, about his investor relations, and onwards. we still haven't booked the S America trip that's been on my mind for months because he often doesn't have the headspace for us to discuss it, and then it gets pushed. 



of J and I's shared mental space, J takes up more of it.



of these two trends, they've actually been existing within our relationship since near day 1. i'm always the messier one. he's always the one obsessed with what's in his mind and this often influences my thinking when i spend a lot of time with him.



after we did a few months of long distance in the last year, i realized i need to find a way to create mental boundaries. to set up my mental space to think deeper about the things in life i'm most passionate about (innovation in emerging markets, new business models, learning broadly about the world and questions i have in select domains). 



love kat



btw another recent thought is on the social benefits of being in a relationship (e.g., ~2x the social events you can go to and ~2x the network you have).


*risk defined as decision points where you have great uncertainty on the outcome, often due to few data points (e.g., often different paths than the traditional one your current friends / family / family friends / etc have taken). 



*risks i'm urging you to take: the ones that currently frighten your being but you believe have a good chance of making your soul sing



*outlandish payoffs - guaranteed: you'll learn things that few others have learned. you can inspire others to chase after their dreams. you'll add more value in various social groups because of the experiences you've had and the perspectives you can talk to; this in turn will open you to even more opportunities to live close to the life of your dreams. 



*other outlandish payoffs - not guaranteed: you'll make a ton of money and a ton of fame


Source: the Icarus deception 





Elements to building addiction



Source from Algebra of Happiness book 


esp for social things. and you each have your emails on the event with the green accept tick.



vs. sometimes when i schedule things with friends and don't put it on our calendar - i'm often less prompt


start:



romantic - there's often a longer courting time between dating and marriagecofounder - shorter courting time



middle:



romantic - has more love languages and has a biological-evolutionary component to itboth: have ups, downs, side to sides. and an element of survival.



end:



sometimes it's one of us, sometimes it's both of us, sometimes, it's the macro-environment telling us why we can't succeed

